QUESTION 1
<373><372><371><370><369>A network administrator is notified that a user cannot access resources on the network. The network administrator checks the physical connections to the workstation labeled User 3 and sees the Ethernet is properly connected. However, th</369>e network interface's indicator lights </370>are not blinking on either the computer or the switc</371>h. Which of the following is the</372> most likely cause</373>?

A. The switch failed.
B. The default gateway is wrong.
C. The port is shut down.
D. The VLAN assignment is incorrect.

Answer: C
Explanation:
When a network interface's indicator lights are not blinking on either the computer or the switch, it suggests a physical layer issue. Here is the detailed reasoning:

Ethernet Properly Connected: The Ethernet cable is correctly connected, eliminating issues related to a loose or faulty cable.
No Indicator Lights: The absence of blinking indicator lights on both the computer and the switch typically points to the port being administratively shut down.
Switch Port Shut Down: In networking, a switch port can be administratively shut down, disabling it from passing any traffic. This state is configured by network administrators and can be verified and changed using the command-line interface (CLI) of the switch.

Command to Check and Enable Port:

Bash
Switch> enable
Switch# configure terminal
Switch(config)# interface [interface id]
Switch(config-if)# no shutdown
The command no shutdown re-enables the interface if it was previously disabled. This will restore the link and the indicator lights should start blinking, showing activity.



QUESTION 2
An administrator is setting up an SNMP server for use in the enterprise network and needs to create device IDs within a MIB. Which of the following describes the function of a MIB?

A. DHCP relay device
B. Policy enforcement point
C. Definition file for event translation
D. Network access controller

Answer: C
Explanation:
MIB (Management Information Base): A MIB is a database used for managing the entities in a communication network. The MIB is used by Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) to translate events into a readable format, enabling network administrators to manage and monitor network devices effectively.

Function of MIB: MIBs contain definitions and information about all objects that can be managed on a network using SNMP. These objects are defined using a hierarchical namespace containing object identifiers (OIDs).


QUESTION 3
Which of the following best explains the role of confidentiality with regard to data at rest?

A. Data can be accessed by anyone on the administrative network.
B. Data can be accessed remotely with proper training.
C. Data can be accessed after privileged access is granted.
D. Data can be accessed after verifying the hash.

Answer: C
Explanation:
Confidentiality with Data at Rest: Confidentiality is a core principle of data security, ensuring that data stored (at rest) is only accessible to authorized individuals. This protection is achieved through mechanisms such as encryption, access controls, and permissions.

Privileged Access: The statement "Data can be accessed after privileged access is granted" aligns with the confidentiality principle, as it restricts data access to users who have been granted specific permissions or roles. Only those with the appropriate credentials or permissions can access the data.

**QUESTION 4**

A network engineer performed a migration to a new mail server. The engineer changed the MX record, verified the change was accurate, and confirmed the new mail server was reachable via the IP address in the A record. However, users are not receiving email. Which of the following should the engineer have done to prevent the issue from occurring?

A. Change the email client configuration to match the MX record.  
B. Reduce the TTL record prior to the MX record change.  
C. Perform a DNS zone transfer prior to the MX record change.  
D. Update the NS record to reflect the IP address change.

**Answer: B**

**Explanation:**

**TTL (Time to Live):**  
Understanding TTL  
TTL is a value in a DNS record that tells how long that record should be cached by DNS servers and clients. A higher TTL value means that the record will be cached longer, reducing the load on the DNS server but delaying the propagation of changes.

**Impact of TTL on DNS Changes:**  
When an MX record change is made, it may take time for the change to propagate across all DNS servers due to the TTL setting. If the TTL is high, old DNS information might still be cached, leading to email being directed to the old server.

**Best Practice Before Making DNS Changes:**  
To ensure that DNS records propagate quickly, it is recommended to reduce the TTL value to a lower value (such as 300 seconds or 5 minutes) well in advance of making the changes. This ensures that any cached records will expire quickly, and the new records will be used sooner.

**Verification of DNS Changes:**  
After reducing the TTL and making the change to the MX record, it is important to verify the propagation using tools like dig or nslookup.

QUESTION 5
Which of the following IP transmission types encrypts all of the transmitted data?

A. ESP
B. AH
C. GRE
D. UDP
E. TCP

Answer: A

Explanation
Definition:
ESP (Encapsulating Security Payload):
ESP is a part of the IPSec protocol suite used to provide confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity of data. ESP encrypts the payload and optional ESP trailer, providing data confidentiality.

ESP Functionality:
ESP can encrypt the entire IP packet, ensuring that the data within the packet is secure from interception or eavesdropping. It also provides options for data integrity and authentication.
ESP operates in two modes: transport mode (encrypts only the payload of the IP packet) and tunnel mode (encrypts the entire IP packet).
QUESTION 6
A network administrator notices interference with industrial equipment in the 2.4GHz range. Which of the following technologies would most likely mitigate this issue? (Choose two).

A. Mesh network
B. 5GHz frequency
C. Omnidirectional antenna
D. Non-overlapping channel
E. Captive portal
F. Ad hoc network

Answer: BD

Explanation:
5GHz frequency can reduce interference because it operates on a different range to the 2.4GHz spectrum, thus avoiding the crowded 2.4GHz spectrum.

Using non-overlapping channels within the 2.4GHz frequency can help minimize interference by ensuring that the network uses a clear channel that does not overlap with others, reducing the chance of congestion and interference.

QUESTION 7
Which of the following disaster recovery metrics is used to describe the amount of data that is lost since the last backup?

A. MTTR
B. RTO
C. RPO
D. MTBF

Answer: C

Explanation:
RPO (Recovery Point Objective) is a disaster recovery metric that describes the maximum acceptable amount of data loss measured in time. It indicates the point in time to which data must be recovered to resume normal operations after a disaster.

For example, if the RPO is set to 24 hours, then the business could tolerate losing up to 24 hours' worth of data in the event of a disruption.

RPO is critical for determining backup frequency and helps businesses decide how often they need to back up their data. A lower RPO means more frequent backups and less potential data loss.

QUESTION 8
Which of the following can support a jumbo frame?

A. Access point
B. Bridge
C. Hub
D. Switch

Answer: D

Explanation: Jumbo Frames:

Definition of Jumbo Frames:
Jumbo frames are Ethernet frames with more than 1500 bytes of payload, typically up to 9000 bytes. They are used to improve network performance by reducing the overhead caused by smaller frames.

Why Switches Support Jumbo Frames:
Switches are network devices designed to manage data packets and can be configured to support jumbo frames. This capability enhances throughput and efficiency, particularly in high-performance networks and data centers.

QUESTION 9
Which of the following is created to illustrate the effectiveness of wireless networking coverage in a building?

A. Logical diagram
B. Layer 3 network diagram
C. Service-level agreement
D. Heat map

Answer: D

Explanation:
Definition:
Heat Maps:
A heat map is a graphical representation of data where individual values are represented by colors. In the context of wireless networking, a heat map shows the wireless signal strength in different areas of a building.

Purpose of a Heat Map:
Heat maps are used to illustrate the effectiveness of wireless networking coverage, identify dead zones, and optimize the placement of access points (APs) to ensure adequate coverage and performance.

QUESTION 10
A user is unable to navigate to a website because the provided URL is not resolving to the correct IP address. Other users are able to navigate to the intended website without issue. Which of the following is most likely causing this issue?

A. Hosts file
B. Self-signed certificate
C. Nameserver record
D. IP helper

Answer: A

Explanation:
Role of the Hosts File:
The hosts file is a local file on a computer that maps hostnames to IP addresses. It can be used to override DNS resolution by providing a static mapping of a hostname to an IP address.

Common Issues with the Hosts File:
If an incorrect IP address is mapped to a hostname in the hosts file, it can cause the computer to resolve the hostname to the wrong IP address. This can lead to navigation issues for specific websites while other users, relying on DNS, do not face the same problem.

QUESTION 11
An IT manager needs to connect ten sites in a mesh network. Each needs to be secured with reduced provisioning time. Which of the following technologies will best meet this requirement?

A. SD-WAN
B. VXLAN
C. VPN
D. NFV

Answer: A

Explanation:
Definition of SD-WAN:
Software-Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) is a technology that simplifies the management and operation of a WAN by decoupling the networking hardware from its control mechanism. It allows for centralized management and enhanced security.

Benefits of SD-WAN:
Reduced Provisioning Time: SD-WAN enables quick and easy deployment of new sites with centralized control and automation.
Security: Incorporates advanced security features such as encryption, secure tunneling, and integrated firewalls.
Scalability: Easily scales to accommodate additional sites and bandwidth requirements.

QUESTION 12
After installing a series of Cat 8 keystones, a data center architect notices higher than normal interference during tests. Which of the following steps should the architect take to troubleshoot the issue?

A. Check to see if the end connections were wrapped in copper tape before terminating.
B. Use passthrough modular crimping plugs instead of traditional crimping plugs.
C. Connect the RX/TX wires to different pins.
D. Run a speed test on a device that can only achieve 100Mbps speeds.

Answer: A

Explanation:
Importance of Proper Termination:
Cat 8 cabling requires precise termination practices to ensure signal integrity and reduce interference. One common requirement is to wrap the end connections in copper tape to maintain shielding and reduce electromagnetic interference (EMI).

Interference Troubleshooting:
Interference in high-frequency cables like Cat 8 can be caused by improper shielding or grounding. Checking the end connections for proper wrapping in copper tape is a crucial step.

QUESTION 13
Which of the following most likely determines the size of a rack for installation? (Choose two).

A. KVM size
B. Switch depth size
C. Hard drive size
D. Cooling fan speed
E. Outlet amperage
F. Server height

Answer: BF

Explanation:
Understanding Rack Size Determination:
The size of a rack for installation is determined by the dimensions of the equipment to be housed in it, primarily focusing on the depth and height of the devices.

Switch Depth:
Depth of Equipment: The depth of network switches and other rack-mounted devices directly influences the depth of the rack. If the equipment is deeper, a deeper rack is required to accommodate it.
Industry Standards: Most racks come in standard depths, but it is essential to match the rack to the depth of the deepest piece of equipment to ensure proper fit and airflow.

Server Height:
Height of Equipment: The height of servers and other equipment is measured in rack units (U), where 1U equals 1.75 inches. The total height of all equipment determines the overall height requirement of the rack.
Rack Units: A rack's height is typically described in terms of the number of rack units it can accommodate, such as 42U, 48U, etc.

QUESTION 14
A VoIP phone is plugged in to a port but cannot receive calls. Which of the following needs to be done on the port to address the issue?

A. Trunk all VLANs on the port.
B. Configure the native VLAN.
C. Tag the traffic to voice VLAN.
D. Disable VLANs in voice VLAN.

Answer: C

Explanation:
Understanding VoIP and VLANs:
VoIP (Voice over IP) phones often use VLANs (Virtual Local Area Networks) to separate voice traffic from data traffic for improved performance and security.

Voice VLAN Configuration:
The port on the switch needs to be configured to tag traffic for the specific voice VLAN. This ensures voice packets are prioritized and handled correctly.

VLAN Tagging:
VLAN tagging allows the switch to identify and separate voice traffic from other types of traffic on the network, reducing latency and jitter for VoIP communications.

QUESTION 15
As part of an attack, a threat actor purposefully overflows the content-addressable memory (CAM) table on a switch. Which of the following types of attacks is this scenario an example of?

A. ARP spoofing
B. Evil twin
C. MAC flooding
D. DNS poisoning

Answer: C

Explanation:
Definition of MAC Flooding:
MAC flooding is an attack where a malicious actor sends numerous fake MAC addresses to a switch, overwhelming its CAM table. The CAM table stores MAC addresses and their associated ports for efficient traffic forwarding.

Impact of MAC Flooding:
CAM Table Overflow: When the CAM table is full, the switch cannot learn new MAC addresses and is forced to broadcast traffic to all ports, leading to a degraded network performance and potential data interception.

Switch Behavior:
The switch operates in a fail-open mode, treating the network as a hub, which can be exploited for eavesdropping on traffic.

QUESTION 16
A network manager wants to implement a SIEM system to correlate system events. Which of the following protocols should the network manager verify?

A. NTP
B. DNS
C. LDAP
D. DHCP

Answer: A

Explanation:
Role of NTP (Network Time Protocol):
NTP is used to synchronize the clocks of network devices to a reference time source. Accurate time synchronization is critical for correlating events and logs from different systems.

Importance for SIEM Systems:
SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) systems collect and analyze log data from various sources. Accurate timestamps are essential for correlating events across multiple systems.

Time Consistency:
Without synchronized time, it is challenging to piece together the sequence of events during an incident, making forensic analysis difficult.

QUESTION 17
A network engineer is designing a secure communication link between two sites. The entire data stream needs to remain confidential. Which of the following will achieve this goal?

A. GRE
B. IKE
C. ESP
D. AH

Answer: C

Explanation:
Definition of ESP (Encapsulating Security Payload):
ESP is a part of the IPSec protocol suite designed to provide confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity of data by encrypting the payload and optional ESP trailer.

Ensuring Confidentiality:
ESP encrypts the payload, ensuring that the data remains confidential during transmission. Only authorized parties with the correct decryption keys can access the data.

Modes of Operation:
ESP can operate in transport mode (encrypts only the payload) or tunnel mode (encrypts the entire IP packet), both providing strong encryption to secure data between sites.

QUESTION 18
Which of the following routing protocols uses an autonomous system number?

A. IS-IS
B. EIGRP
C. OSPF
D. BGP

Answer: D

Explanation:
BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) uses an Autonomous System (AS) number for its operations.

An Autonomous System (AS) is a collection of IP networks and routers under the control of a single organization that presents a common routing policy to the Internet. BGP is used to exchange routing information between different ASes on the Internet, making it the only protocol among the listed options that uses an AS number.

QUESTION 19
Which of the following is the most secure way to provide site-to-site connectivity?

A. VXLAN
B. IKE
C. GRE
D. IPsec

Answer: D

Explanation:
IPsec (Internet Protocol Security) is the most secure way to provide site-to-site connectivity. It provides robust security services, such as data integrity, authentication, and encryption, ensuring that data sent across the network is protected from interception and tampering. Unlike other options, IPsec operates at the network layer and can secure all traffic that crosses the IP network, making it the most comprehensive and secure choice for site-to-site VPNs.

QUESTION 20
A network administrator needs to connect two routers in a point-to-point configuration and conserve IP space. Which of the following subnets should the administrator use?

A. /24
B. /26
C. /28
D. /30

Answer: D

Explanation:
Using a /30 subnet mask is the most efficient way to conserve IP space for a point-to-point connection between two routers. A /30 subnet provides four IP addresses, two of which can be assigned to the router interfaces, one for the network address, and one for the broadcast address. This makes it ideal for point-to-point links where only two usable IP addresses are needed.

QUESTION 21
To reduce costs and increase mobility, a Chief Technology Officer (CTO) wants to adopt cloud services for the organization and its affiliates. To reduce the impact to users, the CTO wants key services to run from the on-site data center and enterprise services to run in the cloud. Which of the following deployment models is the best choice for the organization?

A. Public
B. Hybrid
C. Private
D. SaaS

Answer: B

Explanation:
A hybrid cloud deployment model is the best choice for the CTO's requirements. It allows the organization to run key services from the on-site data center while leveraging the cloud to run enterprise services. This approach provides flexibility, scalability, and cost savings, while also minimizing disruptions to users by keeping critical services local. The hybrid model integrates both private and public cloud environments, offering the benefits of both.


QUESTION 22
A technician is troubleshooting a user's laptop that is unable to connect to a corporate server.
The technician thinks the issue pertains to routing. Which of the following commands should the technician use to identify the issue?

A. tcpdump
B. dig
C. tracert
D. arp

Answer: C

Explanation:
The tracert (Traceroute) command is used to determine the path packets take from the source to the destination. It helps in identifying routing issues by showing each hop the packets pass through, along with the time taken for each hop. This command can pinpoint where the connection is failing or experiencing delays, making it an essential tool for troubleshooting routing issues.

QUESTION 23
Which of the following fiber connector types is the most likely to be used on a network interface card?

A. LC
B. SC
C. ST
D. MPO

Answer: A

Explanation:
Definition of Fiber Connector Types:
LC (Lucent Connector): A small form-factor fiber optic connector with a push-pull latching mechanism, commonly used in datacom and high-density applications.
SC (Subscriber Connector or Standard Connector): A larger form-factor connector with a push-pull mechanism, often used in telecom applications.
ST (Straight Tip): A bayonet-style connector, typically used in multimode fiber optic networks.
MPO (Multi-fiber Push On): A connector designed to support multiple fibers (typically 12 or 24 fibers), used in high-density cabling environments.

QUESTION 24
A network engineer receives a vendor alert regarding a vulnerability in a router CPU. Which of the following should the engineer do to resolve the issue?

A. Update the firmware.
B. Replace the system board.
C. Patch the OS.
D. Isolate the system.

Answer: A

Explanation:
Understanding the Vulnerability:
Vulnerabilities in the router CPU can be exploited to cause performance degradation, unauthorized access, or other security issues.

Firmware Update:
The firmware is low-level software that controls the hardware of a device. Updating the firmware can address vulnerabilities by providing patches and enhancements from the manufacturer.
Procedure: Download the latest firmware from the vendor's website, follow the manufacturer's instructions to apply the update, and verify that the update resolves the vulnerability.

QUESTION 25
A virtual machine has the following configuration:
- IPv4 address: 169.254.10.10
- Subnet mask: 255.255.0.0

The virtual machine can reach colocated systems but cannot reach external addresses on the Internet. Which of the following is most likely the root cause?

A. The subnet mask is incorrect.
B. The DHCP server is offline.
C. The IP address is an RFC1918 private address.
D. The DNS server is unreachable.

Answer: B

Explanation:
Understanding the 169.254.x.x Address:
An IPv4 address in the range 169.254.x.x is an Automatic Private IP Addressing (APIPA) address, assigned when a DHCP server is unavailable.

DHCP Server Offline:
When a device cannot obtain an IP address from a DHCP server, it assigns itself an APIPA address to enable local network communication. This allows communication with other devices on the same local subnet but not with external networks.
Resolution: Ensure the DHCP server is operational. Check for connectivity issues between the virtual machine and the DHCP server, and verify the DHCP server settings.

QUESTION 26
A network technician is troubleshooting a web application's poor performance. The office has two internet links that share the traffic load. Which of the following tools should the technician use to determine which link is being used for the web application?

A. netstat
B. nslookup
C. ping
D. tracert

Answer: D

Explanation:
Understanding Tracert:
Tracert (Windows) or traceroute (Linux) is a network diagnostic tool used to trace the path that packets take from a source to a destination. It lists all the intermediate routers the packets traverse.

Determining Traffic Path:
By running tracert to the web application's destination IP address, the technician can identify which route the traffic is taking and thereby determine which internet link is being used.
Load Balancing Insight: If the office uses load balancing for its internet links, tracert can help verify which link is currently handling the traffic for the web application.

QUESTION 27
A network administrator configured a router interface as 10.0.0.95 255.255.255.240. The administrator discovers that the router is not routing packets to a web server with IP 10.0.0.81/28. Which of the following is the best explanation?

A. The web server is in a different subnet.
B. The router interface is a broadcast address.
C. The IP address space is a class A address.
D. The subnet is in a private address space.

Answer: B

Explanation:
Understanding Subnetting:
The subnet mask 255.255.255.240 (/28) indicates that each subnet has 16 IP addresses (14 usable addresses, 1 network address, and 1 broadcast address).

Calculating the Subnet Range:
For the IP address 10.0.0.95 with a /28 subnet mask:
Network IP address: 10.0.0.80
Usable IP range: 10.0.0.81 to 10.0.0.94
Broadcast address: 10.0.0.95

Router Interface Configuration Issue:
The IP address 10.0.0.95 is the broadcast address for the subnet 10.0.0.80/28. Configuring a router interface with the broadcast address will cause subnetting issues as it is not a valid host address.

QUESTION 28
Which of the following does a full-tunnel VPN provide?

A. Lower bandwidth requirements
B. The ability to reset local computer passwords
C. Corporate inspection of all network traffic
D. Access to blocked sites

Answer: C

Explanation:
A full-tunnel VPN routes all of a user's network traffic through the corporate network. This means that the organization can inspect all network traffic for security and compliance purposes, as all data is tunneled through the VPN, allowing for comprehensive monitoring and inspection.

QUESTION 29
A customer is adding fiber connectivity between adjacent buildings. A technician terminates the multimode fiber cable to the fiber patch panel. After the technician connects the fiber patch cable, the indicator light does not turn on. Which of the following should the technician try first to troubleshoot this issue?

A. Reverse the fibers.
B. Reterminate the fibers.
C. Verify the fiber size.
D. Examine the cable runs for visual faults.

Answer: A

Explanation:
When working with fiber optic cables, one common issue is that the transmit (TX) and receive (RX) fibers might be reversed. The first step in troubleshooting should be to reverse the fibers at one end to ensure they are correctly aligned (TX to RX and RX to TX). This is a simple and quick step to rule out a common issue before moving on to more complex troubleshooting.

QUESTION 30
Which of the following protocols has a default administrative distance value of 90?

A. RIP
B. EIGRP
C. OSPF
D. BGP

Answer: B

Explanation:
EIGRP (Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol) has a default administrative distance (AD) value of 90 for internal routes. The administrative distance is used to rate the trustworthiness of routing information received from different routing protocols. EIGRP, developed by Cisco, has an AD of 90, which is lower than that of RIP (120) and OSPF (110), making it more preferred if multiple protocols provide a route to the same destination.

QUESTION 31
Which of the following is a cost-effective advantage of a split-tunnel VPN?

A. Web traffic is filtered through a web filter.
B. More bandwidth is required on the company's internet connection.
C. Monitoring detects insecure machines on the company's network.
D. Cloud-based traffic flows outside of the company's network.

Answer: D

Explanation:
A split-tunnel VPN allows certain traffic (e.g., cloud-based services) to bypass the VPN and go directly to the Internet. This reduces the amount of traffic that needs to traverse the company's VPN and Internet connection, conserving bandwidth and reducing costs. It also means that not all traffic is subject to the same level of inspection or filtering, which can improve performance for cloud-based services.

QUESTION 32
Which of the following should be configured so users can authenticate to a wireless network using company credentials?

A. SSO
B. SAML
C. MFA
D. RADIUS

Answer: D

Explanation:
RADIUS (Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service) is a networking protocol that provides centralized Authentication, Authorization, and Accounting (AAA) management for users who connect and use a network service. RADIUS is often used to manage access to wireless networks, enabling users to authenticate with their company credentials, ensuring secure access to the network.

QUESTION 34
Users cannot connect to an internal website with an IP address 10.249.3.76. A network administrator runs a command and receives the following output:
...
1 3ms 2ms 3ms 192.168.25.234
2 2ms 3ms 1ms 192.168.3.100
3 4ms 5ms 2ms 10.249.3.1
4 * * * *
5 * * * *
6 * * * *
7 * * * *
...

Which of the following command-line tools is the network administrator using?

A. tracert
B. netstat
C. tcpdump
D. nmap

Answer: A

Explanation:
Understanding Tracert:
tracert (Traceroute in Windows) is a command-line tool used to trace the path that packets take from the source to the destination. It records the route (the specific gateways at each hop) and measures transit delays of packets across an IP network.

Output Analysis:
The output shows a series of IP addresses with corresponding round-trip times (RTTs) in milliseconds. The asterisks (*) indicate that no response was received from those hops, which is typical for routers or firewalls that block ICMP packets used by tracert.

QUESTION 35
Which of the following attacks would most likely cause duplicate IP addresses in a network?

A. Rogue DHCP server
B. DNS poisoning
C. Social engineering
D. Denial-of-service

Answer: A

Explanation:
Definition of a Rogue DHCP Server:
A rogue DHCP server is an unauthorized DHCP server on a network, which can assign IP addresses to devices without proper control, leading to IP address conflicts.

Impact of a Rogue DHCP Server:
IP Address Conflicts: Multiple devices may receive the same IP address from different DHCP servers, causing IP address conflicts.
Network Disruption: Devices may be assigned incorrect network configuration settings, disrupting network services and connectivity.

QUESTION 36
A network administrator is deploying a new switch and wants to make sure that the default priority value was set for a spanning tree. Which of the following values would the network administrator expect to see?

A. 4096
B. 8192
C. 32768
D. 36684

Answer: C

Explanation:
Understanding Spanning Tree Protocol (STP):
STP is used to prevent network loops in Ethernet networks by creating a spanning tree that selectively blocks some redundant paths.

Default Priority Value:
The default bridge priority value for most switches is 32768. The bridge priority can be set in increments of 4096, ranging from 0 to 61440.

QUESTION 37
Which of the following steps of the troubleshooting methodology should a technician take to confirm a theory?

A. Duplicate the problem.
B. Identify the symptoms.
C. Gather information.
D. Determine any changes.

Answer: A

Explanation:
Troubleshooting Methodology:
Troubleshooting involves a systematic approach to diagnosing and resolving issues. It typically includes steps such as identifying symptoms, gathering information, formulating and testing theories, and implementing solutions.

Confirming a Theory:
To confirm a theory, the technician should reproduce the problem in a controlled environment. This helps verify that the identified cause actually leads to the observed issue.
Verification: By duplicating the problem, the technician can observe the issue firsthand, validate the hypothesis, and rule out other potential causes.

QUESTION 38
Early in the morning, an administrator installs a new DHCP server. In the afternoon, some users report they are experiencing network outages. Which of the following is the most likely issue?

A. The administrator did not provision enough IP addresses.
B. The administrator configured an incorrect default gateway.
C. The administrator did not provision enough routes.
D. The administrator did not provision enough MAC addresses.

Answer: A

Explanation:
When a DHCP server is installed and not enough IP addresses are provisioned, users may start experiencing network outages once the available IP addresses are exhausted. If the pool of addresses is too small, new devices or those renewing their lease may fail to obtain an IP address, resulting in connectivity issues.

QUESTION 39
Which of the following network topologies contains a direct connection between every node in the network?

A. Mesh
B. Hub-and-spoke
C. Star
D. Point-to-point

Answer: A

Explanation:
In a mesh topology, every node is directly connected to every other node. This provides high redundancy and reliability, as there are multiple paths for data to travel between nodes. This topology is often used in networks where high availability is crucial.

QUESTION 40
A company receives a cease-and-desist order from its ISP regarding prohibited torrent activity. Which of the following should be implemented to comply with the cease-and-desist order?

A. MAC security
B. Content filtering
C. Screened subnet
D. Perimeter network

Answer: B

Explanation:
Content filtering can be used to block or restrict access to websites and services that facilitate torrenting and other prohibited activities. By implementing content filtering, the company can comply with the ISP's cease-and-desist order and prevent users from accessing torrent sites and engaging in prohibited activities.

QUESTION 41
A network administrator is connecting two Layer 2 switches in a network. These switches must transfer data in multiple networks. Which of the following would fulfill this requirement?

A. Jumbo frames
B. 802.1Q tagging
C. Native VLAN
D. Link aggregation

Answer: B

Explanation:
802.1Q tagging, also known as VLAN tagging, is used to identify VLANs on a trunk link between switches. This allows the switches to transfer data for multiple VLANs (or networks) over a single physical connection. This method ensures that traffic from different VLANs is properly separated and managed across the network.

QUESTION 42
A systems administrator is investigating why users cannot reach a Linux web server with a browser but can ping the server IP. The server is online, the web server process is running, and the link to the switch is up. Which of the following commands should the administrator run on the server first?

A. traceroute
B. netstat
C. tcpdump
D. arp

Answer: B

Explanation:
The netstat command provides information about network connections, routing tables, interface statistics, masquerade connections, and multicast memberships. Running netstat on the server can help the administrator verify that the web server is listening on the expected port (e.g., port 80 for HTTP or port 443 for HTTPS) and that there are no issues with network connections via a browser. This is a crucial first step in diagnosing why the web server is not accessible via a browser.

QUESTION 43
Which of the following devices can operate in multiple layers of the OSI model?

A. Hub
B. Switch
C. Transceiver
D. Modem

Answer: B

Explanation:
Understanding Switches:
Layer 2 (Data Link Layer): Traditional switches operate primarily at Layer 2, where they use MAC addresses to forward frames within a local network.

Layer 3 (Network Layer): Layer 3 switches, also known as multilayer switches, can perform routing functions using IP addresses to forward packets between different networks.

Capabilities of Multilayer Switches:
Multilayer switches can handle VLAN (Virtual Local Area Network) configurations and perform inter-VLAN routing, enabling communication between different VLANs.

Routing Protocols: They can run routing protocols like OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) and EIGRP (Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol) to manage traffic between networks.


QUESTION 44
A critical infrastructure switch is identified as end-of-support. Which of the following is the best next step to ensure security?

A. Apply the latest patches and bug fixes.
B. Decommission and replace the switch.
C. Ensure the current firmware has no issues.
D. Isolate the switch from the network.

Answer: B

Explanation:
Understanding End-of-Support:
When a vendor declares a device as end-of-support, it means the device will no longer receive updates, patches, or technical support. This poses a security risk as new vulnerabilities will not be addressed.

Risks of Keeping an End-of-Support Device:
Without updates, the switch becomes susceptible to new security threats.

Best Next Step - Replacement:
Decommission and Replace: The most secure approach is to replace the end-of-support switch with a new, supported model. This ensures the infrastructure remains secure and compliant with current standards.

Planning and Execution:
Plan for the replacement by evaluating the network's needs, selecting a suitable replacement switch, and scheduling downtime for the hardware swap.

QUESTION 45
Which of the following is the next step to take after successfully testing a root cause theory?

A. Determine resolution steps.
B. Duplicate the problem in a lab.
C. Present the theory for approval.
D. Implement the solution to the problem.

Answer: D

Explanation:
Troubleshooting Methodology:
After testing and confirming the theory, the next logical step is to address the issue by implementing a solution.

Implementation of the Solution:
Implement the identified solution to rectify the problem. This step involves making necessary changes to the network configuration, replacing faulty hardware, or applying software patches.
Documentation: Document the solution and the steps taken to resolve the issue to provide a reference for future troubleshooting.

QUESTION 46
Which of the following network devices converts wireless signals to electronic signals?

A. Router
B. Firewall
C. Access point
D. Load balancer

Answer: C

Explanation:
Role of an Access Point (AP):
An access point (AP) is a device that allows wireless devices to connect to a wired network using Wi-Fi. It converts wireless signals (radio waves) into electronic signals that can be understood by wired network devices.

Functionality:
The AP receives wireless signals from devices such as laptops, smartphones, and tablets, converts them into electronic signals, and transmits them over the wired network.
Connectivity: APs provide a bridge between wireless and wired segments of the network, enabling seamless communication.

QUESTION 47
Which of the following connectors provides console access to a switch?

A. SI
B. RJ45
C. BNC
D. SFP

Answer: B

Explanation:
Console Access:
Console access to a switch allows administrators to configure and manage the device directly. This is typically done using a terminal emulator program on a computer.

RJ45 Connector:
The RJ45 connector is widely used for Ethernet cables and also for console connections to network devices like switches and routers.
Console Cables: Console cables often have an RJ45 connector on one end (for the switch) and a DB9 serial connector on the other end (for the computer).

QUESTION 48
A network administrator wants users to be able to authenticate to the corporate network using a port-based authentication framework when accessing both wired and wireless devices. Which of the following is the best security feature to accomplish this task?

A. 802.1X
B. Access control list
C. Port security
D. MAC filtering

Answer: A

Explanation:
802.1X is a port-based network access control (PNAC) protocol that provides an authentication mechanism, ensuring that devices wishing to connect to a LAN or WLAN can access the network only if authenticated. It is widely used for secure network access, whether connecting via wired or wireless means. 802.1X works in conjunction with an authentication server, such as RADIUS, to validate the credentials of devices trying to connect.

QUESTION 49
Which of the following attacks can cause users who are attempting to access a company website to be directed to an entirely different network website?

A. DNS poisoning
B. Denial-of-service
C. Social engineering
D. ARP spoofing

Answer: A

Explanation:
DNS poisoning involves diverting network traffic by corrupting the Domain Name System (DNS) cache or responses, causing users to be redirected to malicious or unintended websites instead of the legitimate one they intended to visit.

QUESTION 50
Which of the following should a network administrator configure when adding OT devices to an organization's architecture?

A. Honeynet
B. Data-at-rest encryption
C. Time-based authentication
D. Network segmentation

Answer: D

Explanation:
Network segmentation involves dividing a network into smaller segments or subnets. This is particularly important when integrating OT (Operational Technology) devices to ensure that these devices are isolated from other parts of the network. Segmentation helps protect OT devices from potential threats and minimizes the impact of any security incidents. It also helps manage traffic and improves overall network performance.

QUESTION 51
Which of the following are environmental factors that should be considered when installing equipment in a building? (Choose two).

A. Fire suppression system
B. UPS location control
C. Humidity control
D. Power load
E. Floor construction type
F. Proximity to nearest MDF

Answer: AC

Explanation:
When installing equipment in a building, environmental factors are critical to ensure the safety and longevity of the equipment. A fire suppression system is essential to protect the equipment from fire hazards. Humidity control is crucial to prevent moisture-related damage, such as corrosion and short circuits, which can adversely affect electronic components. Both factors are vital for maintaining an optimal environment for networking equipment.

QUESTION 52
A network administrator is configuring a wireless network with an ESSID. Which of the following is a user benefit of ESSID compared to SSID?

A. Stronger wireless connection
B. Roaming between access points
C. Advanced security
D. Increased throughput

Answer: B

Explanation:
An Extended Service Set Identifier (ESSID) allows multiple access points to share the same SSID, enabling seamless roaming for users. This means that users can move between different access points within the same ESSID without losing connection or having to reauthenticate. This provides a better user experience, especially in large environments such as office buildings or campuses.

QUESTION 53
A network administrator needs to divide 192.168.1.0/24 into two equal halves. Which of the following subnet masks should the administrator use?

A. 255.255.0.0
B. 255.255.254.0
C. 255.255.255.0
D. 255.255.255.128

Answer: D

Explanation:
Original Network: 192.168.1.0/24 has a subnet mask of 255.255.255.0, which allows for 256 IP addresses (including network and broadcast addresses).

Objective: Divide the network into two equal halves.

Calculating Subnet Mask: To divide 192.168.1.0/24 into two equal halves, we need to borrow one bit from the host portion of the address, changing the subnet mask to 255.255.255.128 (/25).

Subnet Breakdown:
First Subnet: 192.168.1.0/25 (192.168.1.0 - 192.168.1.127)
Second Subnet: 192.168.1.128/25 (192.168.1.128 - 192.168.1.255)

Verification: Each subnet now has 128 IP addresses (126 usable IP addresses, excluding the network and broadcast addresses).

QUESTION 54
A network administrator needs to set up a multicast network for audio and video broadcasting. Which of the following networks would be the most appropriate for this application?

A. 172.16.0.0/24
B. 192.168.0.0/24
C. 224.0.0.0/24
D. 240.0.0.0/24

Answer: C

Explanation:
Understanding Multicast:
Multicast IP Address Range: The multicast address range is from 224.0.0.0 to 239.255.255.255, designated for multicast traffic.

Multicast Applications: Multicast is used for one-to-many or many-to-many communication, suitable for applications like audio and video broadcasting where the same data is sent to multiple recipients simultaneously.

Appropriate Network Selection:
224.0.0.0/24 Network: This range is reserved for multicast addresses, making it the appropriate choice for setting up a multicast network.

QUESTION 55
A research facility is expecting to see an exponential increase in global network traffic in the near future. The offices are equipped with 2.5Gbps fiber connections from the ISP, but the facility is currently only utilizing 1Gbps connections. Which of the following would need to be configured in order to use the ISP's connection speed?

A. 802.1Q tagging
B. Network address translation
C. Port duplex
D. Link aggregation

Answer: D

Explanation:
Understanding Link Aggregation:
Link aggregation combines multiple network connections into a single logical link to increase bandwidth and provide redundancy.

Usage in High-Bandwidth Scenarios:
By aggregating multiple 1Gbps connections, the facility can utilize the full 2.5Gbps bandwidth provided by the ISP.
Benefits: Enhanced throughput, load balancing, and redundancy, ensuring better utilization of available bandwidth.

QUESTION 56
Which of the following is used to estimate the average life span of a device?

A. RTO
B. RPO
C. MTBF
D. MTTR

Answer: C

Explanation:
Understanding MTBF:
Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF): A reliability metric that estimates the average time between successive failures of a device or system.

Calculation: MTBF is calculated as the total operational time divided by the number of failures during that period.
Usage: Used by manufacturers and engineers to predict the lifespan and reliability of a device, helping in maintenance planning and lifecycle management.

QUESTION 57
A network administrator is implementing security zones for each department. Which of the following should the administrator use to accomplish this task?

A. ACLs
B. Port security
C. Content filtering
D. NAC

Answer: A

Explanation:
Understanding ACLs:
Access Control Lists (ACLs): A set of rules used to control network traffic and restrict access to network resources by filtering packets based on IP addresses, protocols, or ports.

Implementing Security Zones:
ACLs can be used to create security zones by applying specific rules to different departments, ensuring that only authorized traffic is allowed between these zones. ACLs control inbound and outbound traffic at network boundaries, enforcing security policies and preventing unauthorized access.

QUESTION 58
A network engineer is now in charge of all SNMP management in the organization. The engineer must use an SNMP version that does not utilize plaintext data. Which of the following is the minimum version of SNMP that supports this requirement?

A. v1
B. v2c
C. v2u
D. v3

Answer: D

Explanation:
SNMPv3 is the version of the Simple Network Management Protocol that introduces security enhancements, including message integrity, authentication, and encryption. Unlike previous versions (v1 and v2c), SNMPv3 supports encrypted communication, ensuring that data is not transmitted in plaintext. This provides confidentiality and protects against eavesdropping and unauthorized access.

QUESTION 59
After running Cat 8 cable using passthrough plugs, an electrician notices that connected cables are experiencing a lot of cross talk. Which of the following troubleshooting steps should the electrician try first?

A. Inspect the connectors for any wires that are touching or exposed.
B. Restore default settings on the connected devices.
C. Terminate the connections again.
D. Check for radio frequency interference in the area.

Answer: A

Explanation:
Cross talk can often be caused by improper termination of cables. The first step in troubleshooting should be to inspect the connectors for any wires that might be touching or exposed. Ensuring that all wires are correctly seated and that no conductors are exposed can help reduce or eliminate cross talk. This step should be taken before attempting to re-terminate the connections or check for other sources of interference.

QUESTION 60
A network architect needs to create a wireless field network to provide reliable service to public safety vehicles. Which of the following types of networks is the best solution?

A. Mesh
B. Ad hoc
C. Point-to-point
D. Infrastructure

Answer: A

Explanation:
A mesh network is the best solution for providing reliable wireless service to public safety vehicles. In a mesh network, each node (vehicle) can connect to multiple other nodes, providing multiple paths for data to travel. This enhances reliability and redundancy, ensuring continuous connectivity even if one or more nodes fail. Mesh networks are highly resilient and well-suited for dynamic and mobile environments such as public safety operations.

QUESTION 61
A network administrator for a small office is adding a passive IDS to its network switch for the purpose of inspecting network traffic. Which of the following should the administrator use?

A. SNMP trap
B. Port mirroring
C. Syslog collection
D. API integration

Answer: B

Explanation:
Port mirroring, also known as SPAN (Switched Port Analyzer), is used to send a copy of network packets seen on one switch port (or an entire VLAN) to another port where the IDS is connected. This allows the IDS to passively inspect network traffic without interfering with the actual traffic flow. Port mirroring is an essential feature for implementing IDS in a network for traffic analysis and security monitoring.

QUESTION 62
Which of the following requires network devices to be managed using a different set of IP addresses?

A. Console
B. Split tunnel
C. Jump box
D. Out-of-band

Answer: D

Explanation:
Out-of-band (OOB) management refers to using a dedicated management network that is physically separate from the regular data network. This management network uses a different set of IP addresses to ensure that management traffic is isolated from user data traffic. This provides a secure way to manage network devices even if the main network is down or compromised.

QUESTION 63
Which of the following is most closely associated with a dedicated link to a cloud environment and may not include encryption?

A. Direct Connect
B. Internet gateway
C. Captive portal
D. VPN

Answer: A

Explanation:
Direct Connect refers to a dedicated network connection between an on-premises network and a cloud service provider (such as AWS Direct Connect). This link bypasses the public internet, providing a more reliable and higher-bandwidth connection. It may not inherently include encryption because it relies on the security measures of the dedicated physical connection itself.
In contrast, other options like VPN typically involve encryption as they traverse the public internet.

QUESTION 64
Which of the following protocols provides remote access utilizing port 22?

A. SSH
B. Telnet
C. TLS
D. RDP

Answer: A

Explanation:
SSH (Secure Shell) is a protocol used to securely connect to a remote server/system over a network. It operates on port 22 and provides encrypted communication, unlike Telnet which operates on port 23 and is not secure. TLS is used for securing HTTP (HTTPS) and operates on ports like 443, while RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol) is used for remote desktop connections and operates on port 3389.

QUESTION 65
Which of the following attacks utilizes a network packet that contains multiple network tags?

A. MAC flooding
B. VLAN hopping
C. DNS spoofing
D. ARP poisoning

Answer: B

Explanation:
VLAN hopping is an attack where an attacker crafts packets with multiple VLAN tags, allowing them to traverse VLAN boundaries improperly. This can result in gaining unauthorized access to network segments that are supposed to be isolated. The other options do not involve the use of multiple network tags. MAC flooding aims to overwhelm a switch's MAC address table, DNS spoofing involves forging DNS responses, and ARP poisoning involves sending fake ARP messages.

QUESTION 66
Which of the following describes the best reason for using BGP?

A. Preventing a loop within a LAN
B. Improving reconvergence times
C. Exchanging router updates with a different ISP
D. Sharing routes with a Layer 3 switch

Answer: C

Explanation:
BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) is used for routing data between different ISPs, making it essential for the functioning of the internet. Its primary use is for exchanging routing information between autonomous systems, especially different ISPs. Preventing loops within a LAN is handled by protocols like Spanning Tree Protocol (STP), while improving reconvergence times and sharing routes with a Layer 3 switch are functions of other protocols or internal mechanisms.

QUESTION 67
A company's marketing team created a new application and would like to create a DNS record for newapplication.comptia.org that always resolves to the same address as www.comptia.org. Which of the following records should the administrator use?

A. SOA
B. MX
C. CNAME
D. NS

Answer: C

Explanation:
A CNAME (Canonical Name) record is used in DNS to alias one domain name to another. This means that newapplication.comptia.org can be made to resolve to the same IP address as www.comptia.org by creating a CNAME record pointing to www.comptia.org. SOA (Start of Authority) is used for DNS zone information, MX (Mail Exchange) is for mail server records, and NS (Name Server) is for specifying authoritative DNS servers.

QUESTION 68
An organization has a security requirement that all network connections can be traced back to a user. A network administrator needs to identify a solution to implement on the wireless network. Which of the following is the best solution?

A. Implementing enterprise authentication
B. Requiring the use of PSKs
C. Configuring a captive portal for users
D. Enforcing Wired Equivalent Privacy

Answer: A

Explanation:
Enterprise authentication (such as WPA2-Enterprise) utilizes unique credentials for each user, typically integrating with an authentication server like RADIUS. This allows for tracking and logging user activity, ensuring that all connections can be traced back to individual users. PSKs (Pre-Shared Keys) are shared among users and do not provide individual accountability, captive portals can identify users but are less secure than enterprise authentication, and Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) is outdated and not recommended for security purposes.

QUESTION 69
A network administrator wants to configure a backup route in case the primary route fails. A dynamic routing protocol is not installed on the router. Which of the following routing features should the administrator choose to accomplish this task?

A. Neighbor adjacency
B. Link state flooding
C. Administrative distance
D. Hop count

Answer: C

Explanation:
Introduction to Administrative Distance
Administrative distance (AD) is a value used by routers to rank routes from different routing protocols. AD represents the trustworthiness of the source of the route. Lower AD values are more preferred. If a router has multiple routes to a destination from different sources, it will choose the route with the lowest AD.

Static Routes and Backup Routes
When a dynamic routing protocol is not used, static routes can be employed. Static routes are manually configured routes. To ensure a backup route, multiple static routes to the same destination can be configured with different AD values.
Configuring Static Routes with Administrative Distance
The primary route is configured with a lower AD value, making it the preferred route. The backup route is configured with a higher AD value. In the event of primary route failure, the router will then use the backup route.

QUESTION 70
Which of the following is a characteristic of the application layer?

A. It relies upon other layers for packet delivery.
B. It checks independently for packet loss.
C. It encrypts data in transit.
D. It performs address translation.

Answer: A

Explanation:
Introduction to OSI Model:
The OSI model is a conceptual framework used to understand network interactions in seven layers: Physical, Data Link, Network, Transport, Session, Presentation, and Application.

Application Layer:
The application layer (Layer 7) is the topmost layer in the OSI model. It provides network services directly to end-user applications. This layer facilitates communication between software applications and lower layers of the network protocol stack.
Reliance on Other Layers:
The application layer relies on the transport layer (Layer 4) for data transfer across the network. The transport layer ensures reliable data delivery through protocols like TCP and UDP. The network layer (Layer 3) is responsible for routing packets to their destination. The data link layer (Layer 2) handles node-to-node data transfer and error detection. The physical layer (Layer 1) deals with the physical connection between devices.

QUESTION 71
Which of the following most likely requires the use of subinterfaces?

A. A router with only one available LAN port
B. A firewall performing deep packet inspection
C. A hub utilizing jumbo frames
D. A switch using Spanning Tree Protocol

Answer: A

Explanation:
Introduction to Subinterfaces:
Subinterfaces are logical interfaces created on a single physical interface. They are used to enable a router to support multiple networks on a single physical interface.
Use Case for Subinterfaces:
Subinterfaces are commonly used in scenarios where VLANs are implemented. A router with a single physical LAN port can be configured with multiple subinterfaces, each associated with a different VLAN.

QUESTION 72
Which of the following steps of the troubleshooting methodology would most likely include checking through each level of the OSI model after the problem has been identified?

A. Establish a theory of probable cause.
B. Implement the solution.
C. Create a plan of action.
D. Verify functionality.

Answer: D

Explanation:
Introduction to Troubleshooting Methodology:
Network troubleshooting involves a systematic approach to identifying and resolving network issues. The CompTIA Network+ certification emphasizes a structured troubleshooting methodology.

Troubleshooting Steps:
Gather information, identify symptoms, and question users.
Identify the problem: probable cause.
Test the theory of probable cause: Consider possible reasons for the issue.
Establish a theory of probable cause: Validate the theory with tests.
Establish a plan of action to resolve the problem and implement the solution: Create and execute a resolution plan.
Verify functionality and implement preventive measures: Ensure the solution works and prevent recurrence.

Verifying Functionality:
After implementing a solution, verifying functionality ensures that the problem is fully resolved. This involves testing the network to confirm that it operates correctly.
Checking through each level of the OSI model (physical, data link, network, transport, session, presentation, and application) helps to ensure that all potential issues at different layers are addressed.

QUESTION 73
A network administrator wants to implement security zones in the corporate network to control access to only individuals inside the corporation. Which of the following security zones is the best solution?

A. Extranet
B. Trusted
C. VPN
D. Public

Answer: B

Explanation:
Introduction to Security Zones:
Security zones are logical segments within a network designed to enforce security policies and control access. They help in segregating and securing different parts of the network.

Types of Security Zones:
Trusted Zone: This is the most secure zone, typically used for internal corporate networks where only trusted users have access.
Extranet: This zone allows controlled access to external partners, vendors, or customers.
VPN (Virtual Private Network): While VPNs are used to create secure connections over the internet, they are not a security zone themselves.
Public Zone: This zone is the least secure and is typically used for public-facing services accessible by anyone.

Trusted Zone Implementation:
The trusted zone is configured to include internal corporate users and resources. Access controls, firewalls, and other security measures ensure that only authorized personnel can access this zone. Internal network segments, such as the finance department, HR, and other critical functions, are usually placed in the trusted zone.

QUESTION 74
Which of the following disaster recovery concepts is calculated by dividing the total hours of operation by the total number of failures?

A. MTTR
B. MTBF
C. RPO
D. RTO

Answer: B

Explanation:
Introduction to Disaster Recovery Concepts:
Disaster recovery involves strategies and measures to ensure business continuity and data recovery in the event of a disaster.

Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF):
MTBF is a reliability metric used to predict the time between failures of a system during operation. It is calculated by dividing the total operational time by the number of failures.
Formula: MTBF = Total Operational Time / Number of Failures

This metric helps in understanding the reliability and expected lifespan of systems and components.

QUESTION 75
A network administrator is configuring access points for installation in a dense environment where coverage is often overlapping. Which of the following channel widths should the administrator choose to help minimize interference in the 2.4GHz spectrum?

A. 11MHz
B. 20MHz
C. 40MHz
D. 80MHz
E. 160MHz

Answer: B

Explanation:
In the 2.4GHz spectrum, channels are spaced 5MHz apart but have a bandwidth of 20MHz, resulting in overlapping channels. To minimize interference, especially in a dense environment where access point coverage overlaps, a narrower channel width of 20MHz should be used.
Using wider channel widths like 40MHz, 80MHz, or 160MHz in the 2.4GHz band will increase the overlap and interference. The 20MHz channel width provides a good balance between performance and minimal interference.

QUESTION 76
Which of the following cloud service models most likely requires the greatest up-front expense by the customer when migrating a data center to the cloud?

A. Infrastructure as a service
B. Software as a service
C. Platform as a service
D. Network as a service

Answer: A

Explanation:
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) typically requires the greatest up-front expense by the customer when migrating a data center to the cloud. IaaS provides virtualized computing resources over the internet, where customers rent virtual machines, storage, and networks. The customer is responsible for managing the operating systems, applications, and data. This model often necessitates significant initial investment in planning, migration, and configuring the infrastructure. In contrast, Software as a Service (SaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) models usually involve lower up-front costs because they offer more managed services.

QUESTION 77
Which of the following steps in the troubleshooting methodology includes checking logs for recent changes?

A. Identify the problem.
B. Document the findings and outcomes.
C. Test the theory to determine cause.
D. Establish a plan of action.

Answer: A

Explanation:
Checking logs for recent changes is part of the "Identify the problem" step in the CompTIA troubleshooting methodology. This step involves gathering information, including reviewing logs and documentation, to understand what might have changed or caused the issue. This preliminary analysis is critical for forming an accurate theory about the problem.

QUESTION 78
Which of the following is the most closely associated with segmenting compute resources within a single cloud account?

A. Network security group
B. IaaS
C. VPC
D. Hybrid cloud

Answer: C

Explanation:
A Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) is most closely associated with segmenting compute resources within a single cloud account. A VPC allows you to define a virtual network that closely resembles a traditional network, complete with subnets, route tables, and gateways. This segmentation enables the isolation of different parts of a network within a cloud environment, ensuring security and efficient management of network settings and resources. VPCs are a key component in many cloud infrastructures, providing the flexibility to manage and control network settings and resources.

QUESTION 79
A user connects to a corporate VPN via a web browser and is able to use TLS to access the internal financial system to input a time card. Which of the following best describes how the VPN is being used?

A. Clientless
B. Full tunnel
C. Client-to-site
D. Site-to-site

Answer: A

Explanation:
The scenario describes a user connecting to a corporate VPN via a web browser using TLS to access an internal system. This setup is best described as a "clientless" VPN. Clientless VPNs do not require a VPN client to be installed on the user's device; instead, they rely on a standard web browser to establish the connection. This method is particularly useful for providing secure, remote access to applications through a web interface without the need for additional software installations.

QUESTION 80
A network engineer wants to implement a new IDS between the switch and a router connected to the LAN. The engineer does not want to introduce any latency by placing the IDS in line with the gateway. The engineer does want to ensure that the IDS sees all packets without any loss. Which of the following is the best way for the engineer to implement the IDS?

A. Use a network tap
B. Use Nmap software.
C. Use a protocol analyzer.
D. Use a port mirror.

Answer: D

Explanation:
To ensure that an IDS sees all packets without any loss and without introducing latency, the best approach is to use a port mirror, also known as a SPAN (Switched Port Analyzer) port. Port mirroring copies network packets seen on one switch port (or an entire VLAN) to another port where the IDS is connected. This method allows the IDS to monitor traffic passively without being in the direct path of network traffic, thus avoiding any additional latency.

QUESTION 81
Which of the following panels would be best to facilitate a central termination point for all network cables on the floor of a company building?

A. Patch panel
B. UPS
C. MDF
D. Rack

Answer: A

Explanation:
A patch panel is the best choice to facilitate a central termination point for all network cables on the floor of a company building. Patch panels are used to manage and organize multiple network cables, providing a central point where all cables converge. This setup allows for easy management, troubleshooting, and reconfiguration of network connections. The other options (UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply), MDF (Main Distribution Frame), and rack) serve different purposes and are not specifically designed for the central termination of network cables.

QUESTION 82
A customer needs six usable IP addresses. Which of the following best meets this requirement?

A. 255.255.255.128
B. 255.255.255.192
C. 255.255.255.224
D. 255.255.255.240

Answer: D

Explanation:
To meet the requirement of six usable IP addresses, the subnet mask 255.255.255.240 (also represented as /28) is the best fit. A /28 subnet provides 16 total IP addresses, out of which 14 are usable (excluding the network and broadcast addresses). This meets and exceeds the requirement for six usable addresses, and the last address is the broadcast address, ensuring there are enough addresses for future expansion if needed. The other options provide either too few or too many addresses for this specific requirement.

QUESTION 83
A network administrator is configuring a new switch and wants to ensure that only assigned devices can connect to the switch. Which of the following should the administrator do?

A. Configure ACLs.
B. Implement a captive portal.
C. Enable port security.
D. Disable unnecessary services.

Answer: C

Explanation:
To ensure that only assigned devices can connect to a switch, the network administrator should enable port security. Port security restricts port access based on MAC addresses, allowing only pre-configured devices to connect to the network. This helps prevent unauthorized devices from gaining access to the network. The other options (configuring ACLs, implementing a captive portal, or disabling unnecessary services) serve different security purposes and do not directly restrict physical port access based on device identity.

QUESTION 84
A network administrator needs to set up a multicast network for audio and video broadcasting. Which of the following networks would be the most appropriate for this application?

A. 172.16.0.0/24
B. 192.168.0.0/24
C. 224.0.0.0/24
D. 240.0.0/24

Answer: C

Explanation:
The address range 224.0.0.0/24 falls within the Class D IP address range (224.0.0.0 to 239.255.255.255), which is reserved for multicast traffic. Multicast addresses are used for the delivery of information to multiple destinations simultaneously, making them ideal for applications like audio and video broadcasting. The other options (172.16.0.0/24, 192.168.0.0/24, and 240.0.0.0/24) are not suitable for multicast (private addressing and future use, respectively).

QUESTION 85
A company wants to implement data loss prevention by restricting user access to social media platforms and personal cloud storage on workstations. Which of the following types of filtering should the company deploy to achieve these goals?

A. Port
B. DNS
C. MAC
D. Content

Answer: D

Explanation:
To implement data loss prevention (DLP) and restrict user access to social media platforms and personal cloud storage, the company should deploy content filtering. Content filtering examines the data transmitted over the network and can block specific types of content or websites based on predefined policies. This type of filtering is effective in preventing access to specific web services and ensuring that sensitive information does not leave the network through unauthorized channels. Port, DNS, and MAC filtering serve different purposes and are not as effective in this context for DLP.

QUESTION 86
A network administrator's device is experiencing severe Wi-Fi interference within the corporate headquarters causing the device to constantly drop off the network. Which of the following is most likely the cause of the issue?

A. Too much wireless reflection
B. Too much wireless absorption
C. Too many wireless repeaters
D. Too many client connections

Answer: A

Explanation:
Severe Wi-Fi interference within a corporate headquarters causing devices to constantly drop off the network is most likely due to too much wireless reflection. Wireless reflection occurs when Wi-Fi signals bounce off surfaces like walls, metal, glass, causing multipath interference. This can lead to poor signal quality and frequent disconnections. Other causes like wireless absorption, too many repeaters, or too many client connections can also affect Wi-Fi performance, but excessive reflection is a common culprit in environments with many reflective surfaces.

QUESTION 87
While troubleshooting a VoIP handset connection, a technician's laptop is able to successfully connect to network resources using the same port. The technician needs to identify the port on the switch to which the VoIP handset is connected. Which of the following should the technician use to determine the switch and port?

A. LLDP
B. IKE
C. VLAN
D. netstat

Answer: A

Explanation:
Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) is a network protocol used for discovering devices and their capabilities on a local area network, primarily at the data link layer (Layer 2). It helps in identifying the connected switch and the specific port to which a device (like a VoIP handset) is connected. When troubleshooting a VoIP handset connection, the technician can use LLDP to determine the exact switch and port where the handset is connected. This protocol is widely used in network management to facilitate the discovery of network topology and simplify troubleshooting.

QUESTION 88
Before using a guest network, an administrator requires users to accept the terms of use. Which of the following is the best way to accomplish this goal?

A. Pre-shared key
B. Autonomous access point
C. Captive portal
D. WPA2 encryption

Answer: C

Explanation:
A captive portal is a web page that users must view and interact with before being granted access to a network. It is commonly used in guest networks to enforce terms of use agreements. When a user connects to the network, they are redirected to this portal where they must accept the terms of use before proceeding. This method ensures that users are aware of and agree to the network's policies, making it the best choice for this scenario.

QUESTION 89
Which of the following is the correct order of components in a bottom-up approach for the three-tier hierarchical model?

A. Access, distribution, and core
B. Core, root, and distribution
C. Core, spine, and leaf
D. Access, core, and roof

Answer: A

Explanation:
The three-tier hierarchical model in network design consists of three layers: access, distribution, and core. The access layer is where devices like PCs and printers connect to the network. The distribution layer aggregates the data received from the access layer switches before it is transmitted to the core layer, which is responsible for high-speed data transfer and routing. This approach improves scalability and performance in larger networks.

QUESTION 90
Which of the following is a company most likely enacting if an accountant for the company can only see the financial department's shared folders?

A. General Data Protection Regulation
B. Least privilege network access
C. Acceptable use policy
D. End user license agreement

Answer: B

Explanation:
Least privilege network access is a principle that restricts users' access rights to only what is necessary for them to perform their job functions. In this case, the accountant's access is limited to only the financial department's shared folders, ensuring that they cannot access other parts of the network unnecessarily. This reduces the risk of unauthorized access and potential data breaches.

QUESTION 91
Which of the following best describes a group of devices that is used to lure unsuspecting attackers and to study attackers' activities?

A. Geofencing
B. Honeynet
C. Jump box
D. Screened subnet

Answer: B

Explanation:
A honeynet is a network of honeypots designed to attract and study attackers. Honeypots are decoy systems set up to lure cyber attackers and analyze their activities. A honeynet, being a collection of these systems, provides a broader view of attack methods and patterns, helping organizations improve their security measures.


QUESTION 92
A customer recently moved into a new office and notices that some wall plates are not working and are not properly labeled. Which of the following tools would be best to identify the proper wiring in the IDF?

A. Toner and probe
B. Cable tester
C. Visual fault locator
D. Network tap

Answer: A

Explanation:
A toner and probe tool, also known as a tone generator and probe, is used to trace and identify individual cables within a bundle or to locate the termination points of cables in wiring closets and patch panels. It generates a tone that can be picked up by the probe, helping technicians quickly and accurately identify and label wall plates and wiring in the Intermediate Distribution Frame (IDF). This is the best tool for identifying proper wiring.

QUESTION 93
A network administrator is planning to host a company application in the cloud, making the application available for all internal and third-party users. Which of the following concepts describes this arrangement?

A. Multitenancy
B. VPC
C. NFV
D. SaaS

Answer: A

Explanation:
Multitenancy is a cloud computing architecture where a single instance of software serves multiple customers or tenants. Each tenant's data is isolated and remains invisible to other tenants. Hosting a company application in the cloud to be available for both internal and third-party users fits this concept, as it allows shared resources and infrastructure while maintaining data separation and security.

QUESTION 96
Which of the following are the best device-hardening techniques for network security? (Choose two.)

A. Disabling unused ports
B. Performing regular scanning of unauthorized devices
C. Monitoring system logs for irregularities
D. Enabling logical security such as SSO
E. Changing default passwords
F. Ensuring least privilege concepts are in place

Answer: AE

Explanation:
Disabling unused ports prevents unauthorized access and reduces the attack surface by ensuring that no inactive or unmonitored entry points are available for exploitation. Changing default passwords is critical for security because default credentials are widely known and can easily be exploited by attackers. These techniques are fundamental steps in hardening devices against unauthorized access and ensuring network security.

QUESTION 97
Which of the following best describe the functions of Layer 2 of the OSI model? (Choose two.)

A. Local addressing
B. Logical addressing
C. Error preventing
D. Error detecting
E. Port addressing
F. Error correcting

Answer: AD

Explanation:
Layer 2 assigns physical addresses (MAC addresses) to network interface cards (NICs) for devices on a local network. These addresses are used for device-to-device communication within the same segment. Layer 2 includes error-detection mechanisms to ensure that data transmitted over the physical medium is free from errors or corruption. This error detection (not correction) ensures data integrity.

QUESTION 98
A network administrator wants to implement an authentication process for temporary access to an organization's network. Which of the following technologies would facilitate this process?

A. Captive portal
B. Enterprise authentication
C. Ad hoc network
D. WPA3

Answer: A

Explanation:
A captive portal is a technology that facilitates the authentication process for temporary access to a network. It is commonly used in public Wi-Fi hotspots, hotels, airports, and other environments where temporary network access is provided. When users connect to the network, they are redirected to a captive portal page where they must authenticate or agree to terms and conditions before gaining access to the internet or other network resources.

QUESTION 99
Which of the following routing protocols has routes that are classified with an administrative distance of 110?

A. BGP
B. OSPF
C. EIGRP
D. RIP

Answer: B

Explanation:
OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) is a link-state routing protocol that uses an administrative distance of 110. This means that OSPF routes are preferred over routes from other routing protocols, such as RIP (Routing Information Protocol), which has an administrative distance of 120. BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) is a path vector routing protocol that uses an administrative distance of 200. EIGRP (Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol) is a hybrid routing protocol that uses an administrative distance of 90. Static routes have an administrative distance of 1.


QUESTION 100
Which of the following focuses on application delivery?

A. DaaS
B. IaaS
C. SaaS
D. PaaS

Answer: D

Explanation:
Platform as a Service (PaaS) focuses on application delivery. It provides a platform for developers to build, deploy, and manage their applications without having to worry about the underlying infrastructure. PaaS providers typically offer a variety of services, such as:
Operating system
Programming languages
Web servers
Databases
Application servers
Storage
Networking
Load balancing
Monitoring
PaaS can be a good option for businesses that want to develop and deploy applications quickly and easily, without having to worry about the underlying infrastructure.

QUESTION 101
Which of the following would be used to indicate when unauthorized access to physical internal hardware has occurred?

A. Motion detectors
B. Radio frequency identification tags
C. Tamper-evident seal
D. Locking racks

Answer: C

Explanation:
A tamper-evident seal is used to indicate when unauthorized access to physical internal hardware has occurred. These seals are designed to break or show visible signs of tampering if someone tries to open or access a piece of equipment or hardware. This provides a visual indication that unauthorized access or tampering has taken place, alerting security personnel to investigate further.

QUESTION 102
A technician is setting up DNS records on local servers for the company's cloud DNS to enable access by hostname. Which of the following records should be used?

A. A
B. MX
C. CNAME
D. NS

Answer: C

Explanation:
A CNAME record is a type of DNS record that maps a hostname to another hostname. This is useful when you want to use a different hostname for a server than its actual IP address. In this case, the technician is setting up DNS records on local servers for the company's cloud DNS to enable access by hostname. This means that the users will be able to access the servers by their hostnames, instead of their IP addresses. To do this, the technician needs to create a CNAME record for each server. The CNAME record will point the hostname to the server's IP address.

QUESTION 103
A network engineer is concerned about VLAN hopping happening on the network. Which of the following should the engineer do to address this concern?

A. Configure private VLANs
B. Change the default VLAN.
C. Implement ACLs on the VLAN.
D. Enable dynamic ARP inspection.

Answer: D

Explanation:
Dynamic ARP inspection (DAI) is a security feature that can help prevent VLAN hopping. DAI works by verifying that ARP responses are coming from the devices that they claim to be from. If an attacker sends an ARP response that is not from a legitimate device, DAI will drop the response.

QUESTION 104
Following a fire in a data center, an executive is concerned about the amount of data that must be reentered. Which of the following describes the executive's concern?

A. RTO
B. MTBF
C. MMTR
D. RPO

Answer: D

Explanation:
A recovery point objective (RPO) is the maximum length of time permitted that data can be restored from, which may or may not mean data loss. It is the age of the files or data in backup storage required to resume normal operations if a computer system or network failure occurs.
QUESTION 105
A customer needs to distribute Ethernet to multiple computers in an office. The customer would like to use non-proprietary standards. Which of the following blocks does the technician need to install?

A. 110
B. 66
C. Bix
D. Krone

Answer: A

Explanation:
For distributing Ethernet to multiple computers in an office using non-proprietary standards, the technician would typically use a 110 block. The 110 block is a type of punch-down block commonly used for terminating and connecting twisted-pair cables, including those used for Ethernet. It adheres to industry-standard termination methods.

QUESTION 106
A customer calls the help desk to report that users are unable to access any network resources. The issue started earlier in the day when an employee rearranged the wiring closet. A technician goes to the site but does not observe any obvious damage. The statistics output on the switch indicates high CPU usage, and all the lights on the switch are blinking rapidly in unison. Which of the following is the MOST likely explanation for these symptoms?

A. The switch was rebooted and set to run in safe mode.
B. The line between the switch and the upstream router was removed.
C. A cable was looped and created a broadcast storm.
D. A Cat 6 cable from the modem to the router was replaced with Cat 5e.

Answer: C

Explanation:
The symptoms, including high CPU usage and rapidly blinking switch lights, are most likely due to a cable loop in the network causing a broadcast storm, which is overwhelming network resources and disrupting connectivity.

QUESTION 107
A network administration team for a medium-sized business has decided to segment the network, logically separating the finance and marketing teams in order to improve performance for both teams, and the router has a single interface. Which of the following should the administrator configure in order to allow traffic?

A. Port address translation
B. Classless masking
C. IPv6 tunneling
D. Subinterfaces

Answer: D

Explanation:
Subinterfaces are virtual interfaces created on a physical router interface, each associated with a specific VLAN or subnet. By configuring subinterfaces, the router can effectively handle traffic from multiple subnets, allowing traffic separation while still enabling communication between the finance and marketing teams. Each subinterface is associated with a different VLAN or subnet and can have its own IP address, allowing traffic to be routed between subnets while keeping them logically separated.

QUESTION 108
A network requirement calls for the network traffic of a specific department within a campus network to be monitored. The network has users from each department located in multiple buildings. Which of the following should be configured to meet this requirement? (Choose two.)

A. MDIX
B. 802.1Q
C. Jumbo frames
D. Port mirroring
E. Flow control
F. LACP

Answer: BD

Explanation:
802.1Q is a standard for VLAN tagging, which allows the network administrator to segment the network traffic of different departments into separate VLANs. This makes it easier to monitor and manage the traffic of each department.

Port mirroring is a feature that allows the network administrator to copy the traffic from one or more ports to another port for analysis. By configuring port mirroring on the ports connected to the specific department, the network administrator can monitor the traffic of that department in real-time.

QUESTION 119
Which of the following network cables involves bouncing light off protective cladding?

A. Twinaxial
B. Coaxial
C. Single-mode
D. Multimode

Answer: D

Explanation:
Multimode fiber optic cables involve the transmission of light signals that bounce off the core's cladding as they travel down the fiber. This characteristic differentiates it from single-mode fiber, where the light travels directly down the fiber without reflecting off the cladding. Here are some details about multimode fiber cables:
Construction: Multimode fibers have a larger core diameter, typically 50 or 62.5 microns, compared to single-mode fibers, which have a core of about 9 microns.
Light Propagation: The larger core of multimode fiber allows multiple light modes to propagate. These modes travel at different angles, leading to reflections off the core-cladding boundary.
Distance and Bandwidth: Due to modal dispersion, where different light modes arrive at the receiver at different times, multimode fibers are suited for shorter distance applications compared to single-mode fibers. Typical distances are up to 550 meters for 10 Gbps Ethernet using OM4 multimode fiber.
Applications: Multimode fibers are commonly used in LANs (Local Area Networks), data centers, and for shorter distance data transmission due to their cost-effectiveness and ease of installation.

QUESTION 120
A network administrator performed upgrades on a server and installed a new NIC to improve performance. Following the upgrades, users are unable to reach the server. Which of the following is the most likely reason?

A. The PoE power budget was exceeded.
B. TX/RX was transposed.
C. A port security violation occurred.
D. An incorrect cable type was installed.

Answer: D

Explanation:
When a network administrator installs a new Network Interface Card (NIC) and users are unable to reach the server, one of the common issues is the use of an incorrect cable type. Network cables must match the specifications required by the NIC and the network infrastructure (e.g., Cat5e, Cat6, Cat6a for Ethernet, or specific types for fiber optics).
NIC Compatibility: The new NIC might require a specific type of cable to function properly.
Cable Standards: Different NICs' required speeds or capabilities might need specific cabling standards (straight-through vs. crossover cables and specific fiber optic types).
Connection Types: Ensuring that the cable connectors are appropriate for the NIC ports (e.g., RJ45 for Ethernet, LC connectors for fiber optics).

QUESTION 121
Which of the following is a cost-effective advantage of a split-tunnel VPN?

A. Web traffic is filtered through a web filter.
B. More bandwidth is required on the company's internet connection.
C. Monitoring detects insecure machines on the company's network.
D. Cloud-based traffic flows outside of the company's network.

Answer: D

Explanation:
A split-tunnel VPN allows some traffic to be routed through the VPN while other traffic goes directly to the internet. This setup offers several advantages, with a primary one being cost-effectiveness due to reduced bandwidth consumption.
Bandwidth Utilization: Split-tunnel VPNs reduce the amount of traffic passing through the company's network, freeing up bandwidth for other uses.
Performance: By allowing internet-bound traffic to bypass the VPN, it can reduce latency and improve performance for users accessing cloud services directly.
Cost Savings: Reduced load on the company's VPN infrastructure can lead to lower costs in terms of both hardware and bandwidth.

QUESTION 122
A network technician needs to install patch cords from the UTP patch panel to the access switch for a newly occupied set of offices. The patch panel is not labeled for easy jack identification. Which of the following tools provides the easiest way to identify the appropriate patch panel port?

A. Toner
B. Laptop
C. Cable tester
D. Visual fault locator

Answer: A

Explanation:
A toner probe, often referred to as a toner and probe kit, is the easiest and most effective tool for identifying individual cables in a bundle, especially in situations where the patch panel is not labeled. The toner sends an audible tone through the cable, and the probe picks up the tone at the other end, allowing the technician to quickly identify the correct cable. When the probe is placed near the correct cable, it detects the tone and emits a sound. Ease of Use: Toner probes are straightforward to use, even in environments with many cables, making them ideal for identifying cables in unlabeled patch panels. Efficiency: This method is much faster and more reliable than manual tracing, especially in complex setups.

QUESTION 123
A network administrator is in the process of installing 35 PoE security cameras. After the administrator installed and tested the new cables, the administrator installed the cameras. However, a small number of the cameras do not work. Which of the following is the most likely reason?

A. Incorrect wiring standard
B. Power budget exceeded
C. Signal attenuation
D. Wrong voltage

Answer: B

Explanation:
When installing multiple Power over Ethernet (PoE) devices like security cameras, it is crucial to ensure that the total power requirement does not exceed the power budget of the PoE switch. Each PoE switch has a maximum power capacity, and exceeding this capacity can cause some devices to fail to receive power.
PoE Standards: PoE switches conform to standards such as IEEE 802.3af (PoE) and 802.3at (PoE+), each with specific power limits per port and total power capacity.
Power Calculation: Adding up the power requirements of all connected PoE devices can help determine if the total power budget of the switch is exceeded.
Symptoms: When the power budget is exceeded, some devices, typically those farthest from the switch or connected last, may not power up or function correctly.

QUESTION 124
Which of the following network traffic types is sent to all nodes on the network?

A. Unicast
B. Broadcast
C. Multicast
D. Anycast

Answer: B

Explanation:
Broadcast traffic is sent to all nodes on the network. In a broadcast, a single packet is transmitted to all devices in the network segment. This is commonly used for tasks like ARP (Address Resolution Protocol) requests. Broadcast Domain: All devices within the same broadcast domain will receive broadcast traffic. Network Discovery and Addressing: Ethernet networks commonly use broadcast traffic for certain functions, including network discovery and addressing. IPv4 Broadcast: An IPv4 broadcast address (e.g., 255.255.255.255) ensures the packet is sent to all devices on the network.

QUESTION 125
A client wants to increase overall security after a recent breach. Which of the following would be best to implement? (Select two.)

A. Least privilege network access
B. Dynamic inventories
C. Central policy management
D. Zero-touch provisioning
E. Configuration drift prevention
F. Subnet range limits

Answer: AC

Explanation:
To increase overall security after a recent breach, implementing least privilege network access and central policy management are effective strategies.
Least Privilege Network Access: This principle ensures users and devices are granted only the access necessary to perform their job functions. By limiting permissions, the risk of an attacker gaining access to critical parts of the network is reduced.
Central Policy Management: Centralized management of security policies allows for consistent and streamlined implementation of security measures across the entire network. This helps in quickly responding to security incidents, ensuring compliance with security protocols, and reducing the chances of misconfigurations.

QUESTION 126
A support agent receives a report that a remote user's wired devices are constantly disconnecting and have slow speeds. Upon inspection, the support agent sees that the user's coaxial modem has a signal power of -97dB. Which of the following is the most likely solution?

A. Removing any splitters connected to the line
B. Switching the devices to wireless
C. Moving the devices closer to the modem
D. Lowering the network speed

Answer: A

Explanation:
A signal power of -97dB indicates a very weak signal, which can cause connectivity issues and slow speeds. Splitters on a coaxial line can degrade the signal quality further, so removing them can help improve the signal strength and overall connection quality.
Signal Quality: Splitters can reduce the signal strength by dividing the signal among multiple lines, which can be detrimental when the signal is already weak.
Direct Connection: Ensuring a direct connection from the modem to the incoming line can maximize signal quality and reduce potential points of failure.

QUESTION 127
A company wants to implement a disaster recovery site or non-critical application, which can tolerate a short period of downtime. Which of the following types of sites should the company implement to achieve this goal?

A. Hot
B. Warm
C. Cold
D. Passive

Answer: B

Explanation:
A warm site is a compromise between a hot site and a cold site, providing a balance between cost and recovery time. It is partially equipped with the necessary hardware and software, allowing for quicker recovery compared to a cold site but at a lower cost than a hot site.
Recovery Time: Warm sites can be operational within hours to a day, making them suitable for non-critical applications that can tolerate short downtimes.
Cost-Effectiveness: Warm sites are more economical than hot sites as they do not require all systems to be fully operational at all times.

QUESTION 128
A user notifies a network administrator about losing access to a remote file server. The network administrator is able to ping the server and verifies that the current firewall rules do not block access to the remote file share. Which of the following tools would help identify which ports are open on the remote file server?

A. Dig
B. Nmap
C. Tracert
D. nslookup

Answer: B

Explanation:
Nmap (Network Mapper) is a powerful network scanning tool used to discover hosts and services on a computer network. It can be used to diagnose access issues like which ports are open on a remote server, such as a file server.
Port Scanning: Nmap can perform comprehensive port scans to determine which ports are open and what services are running on those ports.
Network Discovery: It provides detailed information about the host's operating system, service versions, and network configuration.
Security Audits: Besides troubleshooting, Nmap is also used for security auditing and identifying potential vulnerabilities.

QUESTION 129
A technician is planning an equipment installation in a rack in a data center that practices hot aisle/cold aisle ventilation. Which of the following directions should the equipment exhaust face when installed in the rack?

A. Sides
B. Top
C. Front
D. Rear

Answer: D

Explanation:
In a data center that practices hot aisle/cold aisle ventilation, equipment should be installed so that the exhaust faces the rear of the rack. This setup ensures that hot air is expelled into the hot aisle where hot air is collected, while cool air is supplied from the cold aisle.
Cooling Efficiency: Proper orientation of equipment helps maintain an efficient cooling environment by segregating hot and cold air, preventing overheating and improving energy efficiency.

QUESTION 130
Which of the following technologies are X.509 certificates most commonly associated with?

A. PKI
B. VLAN tagging
C. LDAP
D. MFA

Answer: A

Explanation:
X.509 certificates are most commonly associated with Public Key Infrastructure (PKI). These certificates are used for a variety of security functions, including digital signatures, encryption, and authentication. They are used to establish secure communications over networks, such as SSL/TLS for websites and secure email communication.
Authentication and Encryption: X.509 certificates provide the means to securely exchange keys and verify identities in various applications, ensuring data integrity and confidentiality.


QUESTION 131
A company is hosting a secure web server that requires all connections to the server to be encrypted. A junior administrator needs to handle the web server. The following ports on the web server are open:
443
80
22
587

Which of the following ports should be disabled?

A. 443
B. 80
C. 22
D. 587

Answer: B

Explanation:
For a web server that requires all connections to be encrypted, port 80 (HTTP) should be disabled. Port 80 is used for unencrypted web traffic, whereas port 443 is used for HTTPS, which provides encrypted communication. Disabling port 80 ensures that all web traffic must use HTTPS. This port is used for unencrypted web traffic. Keeping port 443 open ensures secure connections can be made to the web server. Port 22: Used for SSH, providing secure remote access and file transfers. Port 587: Used for secure email submission (SMTP) with encryption.

QUESTION 132
A network administrator is planning to implement device monitoring to enhance network visibility. The security team requires that the solution provides authentication and encryption. Which of the following meets these requirements?

A. SIEM
B. Syslog
C. NetFlow
D. SNMPv3

Answer: D

Explanation:
SNMPv3 (Simple Network Management Protocol version 3) provides device monitoring with authentication and encryption. This enhances network visibility and security by ensuring that monitoring data is securely transmitted and access to network devices is authenticated. SNMPv3 includes robust mechanisms for authenticating users accessing network devices. It provides encryption to protect the integrity and confidentiality of the data being transmitted. Network Management: SNMPv3 allows for detailed monitoring and management of network devices, ensuring better control and security.

QUESTION 133
A network administrator needs to change where the outside DNS records are hosted. Which of the following records should the administrator change at the registrar to accomplish this task?

A. NS
B. SOA
C. PTR
D. CNAME

Answer: A

Explanation:
To change where the outside DNS records are hosted, the network administrator needs to update the NS (Name Server) records at the registrar. NS records specify the authoritative name servers for a domain. Changing the NS records indicates where the DNS queries should be directed to the new hosting provider. SOA (Start of Authority): Contains administrative information about the domain, including the primary name server. PTR (Pointer) Records: Used for reverse DNS lookups, mapping IP addresses to domain names. CNAME (Canonical Name) Records: Used to alias one domain name to another, not relevant for changing DNS hosting.

QUESTION 134
Which of the following ports is used for secure email?

A. 25
B. 110
C. 143
D. 587

Answer: D

Explanation:
Port 587 is used for secure email submission. This port is designated for message submission by mail clients to mail servers using the SMTP protocol with STARTTLS for encryption. Port 25: Used for SMTP relay, typically not secured and often blocked for outgoing mail due to spam concerns. Port 110: Used for POP3 (Post Office Protocol version 3), not typically secured. Port 143: Used for IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol), not secured with SSL/TLS.

QUESTION 135
A company is implementing a wireless solution in a high-density environment. Which of the following 802.11 standards is used when a company is concerned about device saturation and coverage?

A. 802.11ac
B. 802.11ax
C. 802.11g
D. 802.11n

Answer: B

Explanation:
802.11ax, also known as Wi-Fi 6, is designed for high-density environments and improves device saturation and coverage compared to previous standards. 802.11ax introduces features like OFDMA, MU-MIMO, and BSS Coloring, which reduce latency and increase the number of devices that can connect simultaneously in crowded environments. Older standards like 802.11ac, 802.11n, and 802.11g do not offer the same level of efficiency or support for high-density and high-device connectivity.

QUESTION 136
Which of the following appliances provides users with an extended footprint that allows connections from multiple devices within a designated WLAN?

A. Router
B. Switch
C. Access point
D. Firewall

Answer: C

Explanation:
An access point (AP) provides users with an extended footprint that allows connections from multiple devices within a designated Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN). Router: Typically used to connect different networks, not specifically for extending wireless coverage. Switch: Primarily used to extend wired network coverage, allowing multiple wired devices to connect to the network. Firewall: Primarily used for network security, controlling incoming and outgoing traffic based on security rules, not for providing wireless connectivity.

QUESTION 137
Which of the following is an XML-based security concept that works by passing sensitive user and service log-in information to providers?

A. IAM
B. MFA
C. RADIUS
D. SAML

Answer: D

Explanation:
SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language) is an XML-based standard used for exchanging authentication and authorization data between parties, particularly between an identity provider and a service provider. SAML is commonly used in Single Sign-On (SSO) solutions. It allows users to log in to one system and gain access to multiple services without re-authenticating. SAML facilitates secure sharing of identity information across different security domains, making it ideal for enterprise SSO solutions.

QUESTION 138
A network administrator needs to create an SVI on a Layer 3-capable device to separate voice and data traffic. Which of the following best describes this use case?

A. A physical interface used for trunking logical ports
B. A physical interface used for management access
C. A logical interface used when the number of physical ports is insufficient
D. A logical interface used for the routing of VLANs

Answer: D

Explanation:
An SVI (Switched Virtual Interface) is a logical interface on a Layer 3-capable switch used to route traffic between VLANs. This is particularly useful in environments where voice and data traffic need to be separated, as each type of traffic can be assigned to different VLANs and routed accordingly. SVI (Switched Virtual Interface): Enables the routing of virtual interfaces created on VLANs for inter-VLAN routing. Use Case: Commonly used in scenarios where efficient and segmented traffic management is required, such as in VoIP implementations.

QUESTION 139
A storage network requires reduced overhead and increased efficiency for the amount of data being sent. Which of the following should an engineer likely configure to meet these requirements?

A. Link speed
B. Jumbo frames
C. QoS
D. 802.1q tagging

Answer: B

Explanation:
Jumbo frames are Ethernet frames with a payload greater than the standard maximum transmission unit (MTU) of 1500 bytes. Configuring jumbo frames in storage networks can reduce overhead and increase efficiency by transmitting the same amount of data in fewer frames, thus reducing the number of packets needed to transmit the same data.
Reduced Overhead: Sending larger frames means fewer packets to process, leading to reduced overhead for headers and acknowledgments.
Increased Efficiency: Larger frames mean better utilization of network bandwidth and improved performance in high-throughput environments like storage networks.
Configuration: Requires support from all devices in the network path, including switches and network interface cards (NICs).

QUESTION 140
An administrator is configuring a switch that will be placed in an area of the office that is accessible to customers. Which of the following is the best way for the administrator to mitigate unknown devices from connecting to the network?

A. SSE
B. ACL
C. Perimeter network
D. 802.1x

Answer: D

Explanation:
802.1x is a network access control protocol that provides an authentication mechanism to devices trying to connect to a LAN or WLAN, making it ideal for mitigating the risk of unknown devices connecting to the network, especially in accessible areas.
802.1x Authentication: Requires devices to authenticate using credentials (e.g., username and password) before gaining network access.
Access Control: Prevents unauthorized devices from connecting to the network, enhancing security in semi-public or customer-accessible areas.
Implementation: Typically used in conjunction with a RADIUS server to manage authentication requests.

QUESTION 141
Which of the following is the most likely reason an insurance brokerage would use VPN usage?

A. To encrypt sensitive data in transit
B. To secure the endpoint
C. To comply with data retention agreements
D. To maintain contractual data requirements

Answer: A

Explanation:
The most likely reason an insurance brokerage would use VPN usage is to encrypt sensitive data in transit, ensuring that data is encrypted and protected from interception on the corporate network.
Encryption: VPNs encrypt data in transit, preventing unauthorized access and ensuring data privacy during transmission over untrusted networks.
Data Protection: Essential for industries handling sensitive information, such as insurance brokerages, to protect customer data and comply with regulatory requirements.
Overall Security: Enhances remote access security for employees, ensuring secure communication and data protection.

QUESTION 142
A network engineer configures a new switch and connects it to an existing switch for expansion and redundancy. Users immediately lose connectivity to the network. The network engineer notes the following spanning tree information from both switches:

Switch1
Port  State  Cost
1     Forward  2
2     Forward  2

Switch2
Port  State  Cost
1     Forward  2
2     Forward  2

Which of the following best describes the issue?

A. The port cost should not be equal.
B. The ports should use link aggregation.
C. A root bridge needs to be identified.
D. The switch should be configured for RSTP.

Answer: C

Explanation:
In STP, a root bridge is necessary to manage redundant paths and avoid network loops. Without a root bridge identified, all switches assume they are the root bridge, causing a network loop and connectivity problems.

QUESTION 143
Which of the following facilities is the best example of a warm site in the event of a system disruption?

A. A combination of public and private cloud services to restore data
B. A full electrical infrastructure, software, and data on site
C. A full infrastructure in place, but no customer devices on site
D. A full infrastructure ready, but lacks the most up-to-date data

Answer: D

Explanation:
A warm site typically has a full infrastructure ready, but lacks the most up-to-date data or is not immediately functional. It requires some configuration or data restoration to become fully operational.

QUESTION 144
Which of the following would be violated if an employee accidentally deleted a customer's data?

A. Integrity
B. Confidentiality
C. Availability
D. Vulnerability

Answer: C

Explanation:
Availability refers to ensuring data is accessible when needed. If a customer's data is accidentally deleted, it impacts availability, as the data can no longer be accessed.

QUESTION 145
Which of the following is used to describe the average duration of an outage for a specific service?

A. RPO
B. MTTR
C. RTO
D. MTBF

Answer: B

Explanation:
MTTR (Mean Time To Repair) is the average time it takes to repair a system or service after a failure. It helps in measuring downtime and planning recovery processes.

QUESTION 146
A company has Ethernet runs through the ceiling. One of the access points cannot reach the internet. Which of the following tools would help identify the issue?

A. Network tap
B. Cable tester
C. Visual fault locator
D. Toner and probe

Answer: B

Explanation:
A cable tester can help identify issues with the physical cabling, such as breaks or improper terminations, which may prevent the access point from reaching the internet.

QUESTION 147
Following a fire in a data center, the cabling was replaced. Soon after, an administrator notices network issues. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the network issues? (Select two.)

A. The switches are not receiving the correct voltage
B. The PoE power budget was exceeded
C. The VLAN database was not deleted and brought back online
D. The RJ45 transceivers were replaced with unshielded ones
E. The wrong cables were used for the new terminations
F. The new RJ45s are a higher gauge than the old ones

Answer: DE

Explanation:
Unshielded RJ45s (D) are more prone to interference and may not be suitable for certain environments, especially after a fire where interference could be heightened. Using the wrong transceiver type (E) for new terminations can lead to compatibility issues, causing network failures.


QUESTION 148
Which of the following steps in the troubleshooting methodology would come next after putting preventive measures in place?

A. Implement the solution.
B. Verify system functionality.
C. Establish a plan of action.
D. Test the theory to determine cause.

Answer: B

Explanation:
After implementing a solution and putting preventive measures in place, the next step is to verify that the system is functioning correctly. This ensures that the issue has been fully resolved.

QUESTION 149
An organization wants to ensure that incoming emails were sent from a trusted source. Which of the following DNS records is used to verify the source?

A. TXT
B. SPF
C. AAAA
D. MX

Answer: A

Explanation:
A TXT record can be used to store SPF (Sender Policy Framework) and DKIM (DomainKeys Identified Mail) information, which help verify that an email has been sent from a trusted source.

QUESTION 150
A VLAN technician is examining the configuration on an access port and notices more than one VLAN has been assigned. Which of the following best describes how the port is configured?

A. With a voice VLAN
B. With too many VLANs
C. With a default VLAN
D. With a native VLAN

Answer: A

Explanation:
It is common for an access port to have both a voice VLAN and a data VLAN. A voice VLAN separates voice traffic from regular data traffic, ensuring better quality and security for voice communications.

QUESTION 151
Which of the following can also provide a security feature when implemented?

A. NAT
B. BGP
C. FHRP
D. EIGRP

Answer: A

Explanation:
NAT (Network Address Translation) helps hide internal IP addresses from external networks, adding a layer of security by preventing direct access to internal systems from the outside.

QUESTION 152
A systems administrator is configuring a new device to be added to the network. The administrator is planning to perform device hardening prior to connecting the device. Which of the following should the administrator do first?

A. Update the network ACLs
B. Place the device in an screened subnet
C. Enable content filtering
D. Change the default admin passwords

Answer: D

Explanation:
Changing default admin passwords is a fundamental first step in device hardening to prevent unauthorized access.


QUESTION 154
A client with a 2.4GHz wireless network stated that the entire office is experiencing intermittent issues with laptops after the WAP was moved. Which of the following is the most likely reason for these issues?

A. The network uses a non-overlapping channel.
B. The signal is reflecting too much.
C. The network has excessive noise.
D. A microwave is in the office.

Answer: D

Explanation:
Microwaves are known to interfere with the 2.4GHz frequency, which is the same frequency used by many wireless networks. This can cause signal degradation and intermittent connectivity issues, especially if the WAP is placed near such devices.

QUESTION 155
While troubleshooting connectivity issues, a junior network administrator is given explicit instructions to test the host's TCP/IP stack first. Which of the following commands should the administrator run?

A. ping 127.0.0.1
B. ping 169.254.1.1
C. ping 172.16.1.1
D. ping 192.168.1.1

Answer: A

Explanation:
The loopback address 127.0.0.1 is used to test the TCP/IP stack on the local machine. Pinging this address confirms whether the local system's networking stack is functioning correctly.

QUESTION 156
A technician is planning an equipment installation into a rack in a data center that practices hot aisle/cold aisle ventilation. Which of the following directions should the equipment exhaust face when installed in the rack?

A. Sides
B. Top
C. Front
D. Rear

Answer: D

Explanation:
In a data center that uses hot aisle/cold aisle ventilation, equipment should be installed so that the exhaust faces the rear of the rack. This configuration ensures that hot air is exhausted to the hot aisle (rear) while cool air is supplied from the cold aisle (front). This setup maximizes cooling efficiency.

QUESTION 157
Which of the following is most commonly associated with many systems sharing one public IP addressing space?

A. PAT
B. NAT
C. VIP
D. NAT64

Answer: A

Explanation:
Port Address Translation (PAT) allows multiple internal devices to share a single public IP address by assigning each device a unique port number. This is a common method used in environments where many systems need internet access but there are limited public IP addresses.

QUESTION 158
Which of the following allows a remote user to connect to the network?

A. Command-line interface
B. API gateway
C. Client-to-site VPN
D. Jump box

Answer: C

Explanation:
A Client-to-Site VPN allows a remote user to securely connect to a company's internal network, providing access as if they were physically on-site.

QUESTION 159
A network administrator needs to add 255 usable IP addresses to the network. A /24 is currently in use. Which of the following prefixes would fulfill this need?

A. /23
B. /25
C. /29
D. /32

Answer: A

Explanation:
A /23 subnet provides 512 total addresses, of which 510 are usable (subtracting 2 for network and broadcast addresses). This would satisfy the need for 255 additional usable addresses.

QUESTION 160
A network administrator suspects users are being sent to malware sites that are posing as legitimate sites. The network is configured with incorrect DNS IP addresses. Which of the following should the network administrator implement to prevent this from happening again?

A. Dynamic ARP inspection
B. Access control lists
C. DHCP snooping
D. Port security

Answer: C

Explanation:
DHCP snooping is a security feature on network switches that helps prevent unauthorized (rogue) DHCP servers from assigning IP addresses to clients. By implementing DHCP snooping, the network can restrict DHCP responses to authorized DHCP servers only, preventing man-in-the-middle attacks where malicious actors misconfigure DNS to redirect users to fake sites.

QUESTION 161
A Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of a company purchases a new phone that will be used while traveling to different countries. The CEO needs to be able to place outgoing calls and receive incoming calls on the phone using a SIM. Which of the following cellular technologies does the CEO's phone need?

A. WDMA
B. CDMA
C. GSM
D. SLA

Answer: C

Explanation:
GSM (Global System for Mobile communications) is the international standard that uses SIM cards to authenticate and connect phones to the cellular network. GSM allows users to place and receive calls while traveling globally, provided they have a SIM card. CDMA, on the other hand, does not use SIM cards in the same way and is primarily used in the United States.

QUESTION 162
Newly crimped 26ft (8m) Cat 6 patch cables were recently installed in one room to replace cables that were damaged by a vacuum cleaner. Now, users in that room are non-connecting to the network. A network technician tests the existing cables first. The 177ft (54m) cable that runs from the access switch to the access switch in the office is working, as is the 115ft (35m) cable that runs from the access switch to the wall jack in the office. Which of the following is the most likely cause?

A. Mixed UTP cables are being used.
B. The patch cables are not plenum rated.
C. The cable distance is exceeded.
D. An incorrect pinout on the patch cable is being used.

Answer: D

Explanation:
An incorrect pinout on the patch cable could prevent network connectivity. Even if the cables are the correct length and type, a pinout issue can cause continuity problems and prevent proper data transmission. Proper crimping with the correct pinout is essential for patch cables to function.

QUESTION 163
A technician needs to set up a wireless connection that utilizes MIMO on non-overlapping channels. Which of the following 802.11 standards would be the best choice?

A. 802.11a
B. 802.11g
C. 802.11b
D. 802.11n

Answer: D

Explanation:
The 802.11n standard supports MIMO (Multiple Input Multiple Output), which allows multiple antennas to increase data throughput and improve reliability. Additionally, it uses non-overlapping channels in the 5 GHz band (and optionally the 2.4 GHz band), making it a good choice for high-speed, interference-resistant wireless connections.

QUESTION 164
Due to concerns around single points of failure, a company decided to add an additional WAN to the network. The company added a second MPLS vendor to the current MPLS WAN, and EIGRP was run internally at each site. The first site to go live with the new WAN was successful, but when the second site is activated, significant network issues occur. Which of the following is the most likely cause for the WAN instability?

A. A changed CDP neighbor
B. Asymmetrical routing
C. A switching loop
D. An incorrect IP address

Answer: B

Explanation:
Asymmetrical routing occurs when packets take different paths to and from the destination, leading to instability in network communication. The use of two different MPLS providers can lead to OSPF or EIGRP configured with different paths, causing unexpected routing behaviors and instability in a dual-WAN setup.

QUESTION 165
An organization requires the ability to send encrypted email messages to a partner from an email server that is hosted on-premises. Which of the following ports should be open to standard default ports when creating firewall rules?

A. 110
B. 143
C. 587
D. 636

Answer: C

Explanation:
Port 587 is the standard default port for sending email (SMTP) with TLS encryption. It is used to secure email transmissions between mail servers or between clients and mail servers. Allowing traffic on port 587 enables secure email sending while maintaining standard protocol usage.

QUESTION 167
A technician is troubleshooting a computer issue for a user who works in a new annex of an office building. The user is reporting slow speeds and intermittent connectivity. The computer is connected via a Cat 6 cable to a distribution switch that is 492ft (150m) away. Which of the following should the technician implement to correct the issue?

A. Increase the bandwidth allocation to the computer.
B. Install an access switch in the annex and run fiber to the distribution switch.
C. Run a Cat 7 cable from the computer to the distribution switch.
D. Enable the computer to support jumbo frames.

Answer: B

Explanation:
The maximum recommended length for Ethernet cable runs is 100 meters (328 feet). At 150 meters, the Cat 6 cable is too long, causing signal degradation and intermittent connectivity issues. Running fiber from the distribution switch to an access switch in the annex will allow reliable connectivity over longer distances, as fiber can cover greater distances without signal loss.

QUESTION 168
After changes were made to a firewall, users are no longer able to access a web server. A network administrator wants to ensure that ports 80 and 443 on the web server are still accessible from the user IP space. Which of the following commands is best suited to perform this testing?

A. Dig
B. ifconfig
C. Ping
D. nmap

Answer: D

Explanation:
Nmap is best suited for testing which ports are open and accessible on the web server (e.g., ports 80 and 443). It can perform comprehensive port scans to verify firewall rules and accessibility from the user IP space.

QUESTION 169
Which of the following steps in the troubleshooting methodology comes after using a top-to-bottom examination of the OSI model to determine cause?

A. Test in the theory
B. Establish a plan of action
C. Verify full system functionality
D. Identify the problem

Answer: B

Explanation:
After using a top-to-bottom (or bottom-up) examination of the OSI model to determine the cause, the next step is to establish a plan of action to resolve the issue.

QUESTION 170
A network technician is troubleshooting network latency and has determined the issue to be occurring between two network switches (Switch10 and Switch11). Symptoms reported include poor video performance and slow file copying. Given the following information:

Switch10 "show interfaces" output:
MTU 1500 bytes, Speed 1000/full, VLAN10
12912 packets input, 2398471 bytes, 0 runts, 0 giants
19328 packets output, 9832984 bytes, 0 runts, 0 giants

Switch11 "show interfaces" output:
MTU 1500 bytes, Speed Auto Negotiate, VLAN10
2394 giants input, 9832984 bytes, 0 runts, 0 giants
12912 packets output, 2398471 bytes, 0 runts, 0 giants

Which of the following should the technician most likely do to resolve the issue?

A. Disable automatic negotiation on Switch11.
B. Modify Switch10 MTU value to 1500.
C. Configure STP on both switches.
D. Change the native VLAN on the ports.

Answer: A

Explanation:
The presence of giants (frames larger than the MTU) on Switch11 while Switch10 shows none indicates a mismatch in speed/duplex negotiation or MTU settings. Disabling automatic negotiation on Switch11 and manually setting it to match Switch10 (1000/full) is most likely to resolve the latency and performance issues caused by negotiation mismatches.

QUESTION 171
A network consultant needs to decide between running an Ethernet uplink or using the built-in 5GHz point-to-point functionality on a WAP. Which of the following documents provides the best information to assist the consultant with this decision?

A. Site survey results
B. Physical diagram
C. Service-level agreement
D. Logical diagram

Answer: A

Explanation:
Site survey results provide the best information for deciding between a wired Ethernet uplink or wireless point-to-point (5GHz) functionality on a WAP, as they include details on signal strength, interference, coverage, and environmental factors that affect wireless performance.

QUESTION 172
An organization is struggling to achieve effective coverage using the wireless network. The organization wants to implement a solution that will allow continuous connectivity anywhere in the building. Which of the following would the network administrator most suggest?

A. Implementing additional ad hoc access points
B. Providing more Ethernet drops for user connections
C. Deploying a mesh network in the building
D. Changing the current frequency of the Wi-Fi

Answer: C

Explanation:
Deploying a mesh network in the building would allow continuous connectivity anywhere by enabling access points to interconnect wirelessly, extending coverage and providing seamless roaming without dead zones.

QUESTION 173
A company's network is experiencing high latency and packet loss during peak hours. Network monitoring tools show increased traffic on a switch. Which of the following should a network technician implement to reduce the network congestion and improve performance?

A. Load balancing
B. Port mirroring
C. Quality of Service
D. Spanning Tree Protocol

Answer: C

Explanation:
Quality of Service (QoS): This is a feature used in networking to prioritize certain types of traffic. By configuring QoS, network administrators can allocate higher bandwidth to time-sensitive applications like VoIP, video conferencing, or critical business applications during peak usage times. This helps to reduce latency and packet loss, which are often caused by congestion.

QUESTION 174
Which of the following is the most likely benefit of installing server equipment in a rack?

A. Simplified troubleshooting process
B. Decreased power consumption
C. Improved network performance
D. Increased compute density

Answer: D

Explanation:
Installing server equipment in a rack increases compute density by allowing multiple servers to be organized efficiently in a smaller footprint. This vertical configuration saves space while housing more devices and is beneficial for businesses with high hardware demands.

QUESTION 175
A wireless technician wants to implement a technology that will allow user devices to automatically navigate to the best frequency standard. Which of the following technologies should the technician use?

A. Band steering
B. Wireless LAN controller
C. Directional antenna
D. Autonomous access point

Answer: A

Explanation:
Band Steering: This technology enables wireless devices to connect to the most optimal frequency band (2.4 GHz or 5 GHz) by encouraging capable devices to switch to the less congested 5 GHz band. It improves overall network performance and prevents overcrowding on the 2.4 GHz band.

QUESTION 176
Which of the following routing protocols is most commonly used to interconnect WANs?

A. IGP
B. BGP
C. EIGRP
D. OSPF

Answer: B

Explanation:
Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) is the most commonly used routing protocol for interconnecting WANs, especially across the internet. It is used for exchanging routing information between autonomous systems (AS), making it the backbone protocol for large-scale WANs.

QUESTION 177
A network engineer needs to virtualize network services, including running a router on a virtual machine at a remote branch location. Which of the following solutions meets the requirements?

A. NFV
B. VRF
C. VLAN
D. VPC

Answer: A

Explanation:
Network Functions Virtualization (NFV): NFV is a technology that virtualizes network services like firewalls, routers, and load balancers. It allows these services to run on virtual machines rather than requiring dedicated hardware. This is ideal for remote branch locations where deploying physical hardware is costly and complex.

QUESTION 178
A technician needs to identify a computer on the network that is reportedly downloading unauthorized content. Which of the following should the technician use?

A. Anomaly alerts
B. Port mirroring
C. Performance monitoring
D. Packet capture

Answer: D

Explanation:
Packet Capture: This method captures and inspects network traffic to identify unauthorized downloads or malicious behavior. It provides detailed insight into the data being transmitted, making it the best tool for this scenario.

QUESTION 179
Network administrators are using the Telnet protocol to administer network devices that are on the 192.168.10.0/24 subnet. Which of the following tools should the administrator use to best identify the devices?

A. dig
B. nmap
C. tracert
D. telnet

Answer: D

Explanation:
Telnet: Telnet is a protocol used to establish remote connections to devices for administration. It directly communicates with devices on the network and is the best tool for identifying and accessing devices that support it.

QUESTION 180
A network engineer is completing a wireless installation in a new building. A requirement is that all clients be able to automatically connect to the fastest supported network. Which of the following best supports this requirement?

A. Enabling band steering
B. Disabling the 5GHz SSID
C. Adding a captive portal
D. Configuring MAC filtering

Answer: A

Explanation:
Band Steering: This technology encourages capable devices to use the faster and less congested 5 GHz band. It ensures that clients automatically connect to the most optimal frequency, enhancing speed and performance.

QUESTION 181
A company just upgraded its network and PCs to gigabit speeds. After the upgrade, the endpoint NICs are reporting inconsistent performance. Which of the following should be checked first to troubleshoot the issue?

A. Speed mismatches
B. Load balancer settings
C. Flow control settings
D. Infrastructure cabling grade

Answer: A

Explanation:
Speed Mismatches: If NICs are set to different speeds (e.g., 100 Mbps on one side and 1 Gbps on the other), performance will degrade. Ensuring consistent speed settings between devices is crucial for optimal performance.

QUESTION 182
Which of the following must be implemented to securely connect a company's headquarters location with a branch location?

A. Split-tunnel VPN
B. Clientless VPN
C. Full-tunnel VPN
D. Site-to-site VPN

Answer: D

Explanation:
Site-to-site VPN: A site-to-site VPN is used to securely connect two networks, such as a company's headquarters and a branch location, over the internet. This type of VPN creates a secure tunnel for data transmission.

QUESTION 183
A network administrator needs to assign IP addresses to a newly installed network. They chose 192.168.10.0/24 as their network address and need to create three subnets with 30 hosts on each subnet. Which of the following is a valid subnet mask that will meet the requirements?

A. 255.255.255.128
B. 255.255.255.224
C. 255.255.255.192
D. 255.255.255.240

Answer: B

Explanation:
A subnet mask of 255.255.255.224 (/27) provides 32 total addresses per subnet (30 usable hosts after subtracting network and broadcast). This meets the requirement for three subnets with at least 30 hosts each.

QUESTION 184
A network administrator is setting up a file server to allow user access. The organization uses DHCP to assign IP addresses. Which of the following is the best solution for the administrator to set up?

A. A separate scope for the file server using a /32 subnet
B. A reservation for the server based on the MAC address
C. A static IP address within the DHCP IP range
D. A SLAAC for the server

Answer: B

Explanation:
A reservation for the server based on the MAC address: This ensures the file server always receives the same IP address from the DHCP server without manual static configuration, making it the best solution for consistent access while using DHCP.

QUESTION 185
Which of the following should be used to obtain remote access to a network appliance that has failed to start up properly?

A. Crash cart
B. Jump box
C. Secure Shell
D. Out-of-band management

Answer: D

Explanation:
Out-of-band (OOB) management: If a network appliance fails to start properly, standard remote access methods like SSH won't work. Out-of-band management provides a dedicated access path (e.g., console port or IPMI/iLO) that allows administrators to troubleshoot devices even when the network is down.

QUESTION 186
A network switch administrator is configuring a new switch and wants to connect ports to the core switch to ensure redundancy. Which of the following configurations would meet this requirement?

A. Full duplex
B. 802.1Q tagging
C. Native VLAN
D. Link aggregation

Answer: D

Explanation:
Link aggregation: This configuration bonds multiple physical ports into a single logical link, providing redundancy and increased bandwidth between the new switch and the core switch. If one link fails, traffic continues over the remaining links.

QUESTION 187
A company's office has publicly accessible meeting rooms equipped with network ports. A recent audit revealed that visitors were able to access the corporate network by plugging personal laptops into open network ports. Which of the following should the company implement to prevent this in the future?

A. URL filters
B. VPN
C. ACLs
D. NAC

Answer: D

Explanation:
NAC (Network Access Control) is the best solution to prevent unauthorized devices from accessing the corporate network. NAC enforces policies that require devices to meet security requirements (e.g., authentication, posture assessment) before granting network access, making it ideal for controlling access from publicly accessible ports in meeting rooms.

QUESTION 188
Which of the following technologies is the best choice to listen for requests and distribute user traffic across web servers?

A. Router
B. Switch
C. Firewall
D. Load balancer

Answer: D

Explanation:
A load balancer is designed to distribute user requests across multiple servers to ensure high availability and performance. It listens for incoming traffic and intelligently directs it to available backend servers, optimizing resource utilization and preventing overload on any single server.

QUESTION 189
A user reports intermittent connectivity issues to the company network. The network configuration for the user reveals the following:
- IP address: 192.168.1.10
- Subnet mask: 255.255.255.0
- Default gateway: 192.168.1.254

The network switch shows the following ARP table:

MAC Address          IP address       ARP   Interface   VLAN
0c00:1134:0001       192.168.1.10     eth5  10
0c00:1298:210a       192.168.1.13     eth7  11
0c00:1298:c239       192.168.1.12     eth8  10
0c00:9239:1022       192.168.1.254    eth1  10

Which of the following is the most likely cause of the user's connection issues?

A. A port with incorrect VLAN assigned
B. A switch with spanning tree conflict
C. Duplicate IP address
D. A router with overlapping route tables

Answer: C

Explanation:
This scenario describes a duplicate IP address. The ARP table shows two different MAC addresses (0c00:1134:0001 and another implied) associated with the same IP address (192.168.1.10), which leads to ARP conflicts and intermittent connectivity. Duplicate IP addresses occur when two devices on the same network are assigned the same IP address, causing network conflicts. Common issues include manual configuration errors or DHCP issues.

QUESTION 190
Which of the following cloud deployment models is most commonly associated with multitenancy and is generally offered by a service provider?

A. Private
B. Community
C. Public
D. Hybrid

Answer: C

Explanation:
Public cloud deployment models are most commonly associated with multitenancy, where multiple customers (tenants) share the same infrastructure provided by a service provider (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud). Resources are pooled, and isolation is maintained through virtualization and security controls.

QUESTION 191
A network administrator is performing a refresh of a wireless environment. As the APs are being placed, they overlap a little bit with each other. Which of the following 2.4GHz channels should be selected to ensure that they do not conflict?

A. 1, 3, 5, 11
B. 1, 6, 10
C. 2, 6, 10
D. 3, 6, 9

Answer: B

Explanation:
In the 2.4GHz band, the non-overlapping channels are 1, 6, and 11. These channels do not overlap in frequency, reducing interference when access points are placed with some overlap in coverage areas. Channels 1, 6, and 11 are the standard recommendation for minimizing co-channel and adjacent-channel interference in 2.4GHz Wi-Fi deployments.

QUESTION 192
Which of the following network cables involves bouncing light off protective cladding?

A. Twinaxial
B. Coaxial
C. Single-mode
D. Multimode

Answer: D

Explanation:
Multimode fiber optic cables involve light bouncing (reflecting) off the protective cladding as it propagates through the core. This allows multiple light modes to travel, but it also causes modal dispersion over longer distances. Single-mode fiber, in contrast, allows light to travel in a single path without significant reflection off the cladding.

QUESTION 193
Which of the following would allow a network administrator to analyze attacks coming from the internet without affecting latency?

A. IDS
B. IPS
C. Load balancer
D. Firewall

Answer: A

Explanation:
An Intrusion Detection System (IDS) monitors and analyzes traffic to detect suspicious activity but does not sit in the traffic path (it is out-of-band or uses port mirroring), meaning it does not affect latency. In contrast, an Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) is in-line and can introduce latency while blocking threats.

QUESTION 194 troubleshooting wireless connectivity near a break room
A technician is troubleshoooting wireless connectivity near a break room. Whenever a user turns on the microwave, connectivity to the user's laptop is lost. Which of the following frequency bands is the laptop most likely using?
A. 2.4GHz
B. 50GHz
C. 6GHz
D. 900MHz
Answer: A

QUESTION 195
A network administrator needs to implement routing capabilities in a hypervisor. Which of the following should the administrator most likely implement?
A. VPC
B. Firewall
C. NFV
D. IaaS
Answer: C

QUESTION 196
A network administrator received complaints of intermittent network connectivity issues. The administrator investigates and finds that the network design contains potential loop scenarios. Which of the following should the administrator do?
A. Enable spanning tree
B. Configure port security
C. Change switch port speed limits
D. Enforce 802.1Q tagging
Answer: A

QUESTION 197
Which of the following routing technologies uses a successor and a feasible successor?
A. IS-IS
B. OSPF
C. BGP
D. EIGRP
Answer: D

QUESTION 198 
Which of the following best describes what an organization would use port address translation for?
A. VLANs on the perimeter
B. Public address on the perimeter router
C. Non-routable address on the perimeter router
D. Servers on the perimeter
Answer: C

QUESTION 199
Which of the following network traffic types sent to all nodes on the network?
A. Unicast
B. Broadcast
C. Multicast
D. Anycast
Answer: B

QUESTION 200
Which of the following cable types provides the highest possible transmission speed?
A. Plenum
B. Ethernet
C. Fiber-optic
D. DAC
Answer: C

QUESTION 201
Which of the following layers of the OSI model is responsible for end-to-end encryption?
A. Presentation
B. Application
C. Session
D. Transport
Answer: A

QUESTION 202
A network security administrator needs to monitor the contents of data sent between a secure network and the rest of the company. Which of the following monitoring methods will accomplish this task?
A. Port mirroring
B. Flow data
C. Syslog entries
D. SNMP traps
Answer: A

QUESTION 203
Which of the following does a hash provide?
A. Non-repudiation
B. Integrity
C. Confidentiality
D. Availability
Answer: B

QUESTION 204
A company wants to implement a disaster recovery site for non-critical applications, which can tolerate a short period of downtime. Which of the following types of sites should the company implement to achieve this goal?
A. Hot
B. Warm
C. Cold
D. Passive
Answer: C


QUESTION 205
Which of the following routing technologies uses unequal cost load balancing and port 88?
A. EIGRP
B. BGP
C. RIP
D. OSPF
Answer: A

QUESTION 206
A wireless network consultant is deploying a large number of WAPs and wants to centrally control them from one wireless LAN controller. Which of the following network types should the consultant employ?
A. Mesh
B. Infrastructure
C. Point-to-point
D. Ad hoc
Answer: B

QUESTION 207
Which of the following network topologies involves sending all traffic through a single point?
A. Mesh
B. Hybrid
C. Hub-and-spoke
D. Point-to-point
Answer: C

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 208
Which of the following functions is used to prioritize network traffic based on the type of traffic?
A. QoS
B. VPN
C. CDN
D. TTL
Answer: A

QUESTION 209
Which of the following does OSPF use to communicate routing updates?
A. Unicast
B. Anycast
C. Multicast
D. Broadcast
Answer: C

QUESTION 210
A security administrator is creating a new firewall object for a device with IP address 192.168.100.125. However, the firewall software only uses dotted decimal notation in configuration fields. Which of the following is the correct subnet mask to use?
A. 255.255.255.0
B. 255.255.255.1
C. 255.255.255.128
D. 255.255.255.192
Answer: C

QUESTION 211
Which of the following disaster recovery metrics describes the average length of time a piece of equipment can be expected to operate normally?
A. RPO
B. RTO
C. MTTR
D. MTBF
Answer: D

QUESTION 212
A network administrator logs onto a router and sees an interface with an IP address of 10.61.52.34/255.255.255.252. Which of the following best describes how this interface IP address is being used?
A. As a point-to-point connection
B. To connect to the internet
C. As a virtual address for redundancy
D. For out-of-band management
Answer: A

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 213
A technician is troubleshooting a faulty NIC and tests the theory. Which of the following should the technician do next?
A. Develop a theory
B. Establish a plan of action
C. Implement the solution
D. Document the findings
Answer: C
Explanation:
Once the theory has been tested and confirmed, the next step is to implement the solution based on the CompTIA troubleshooting model

QUESTION 214
A network manager wants to view network traffic for devices connected to a switch. A network engineer connects an appliance to a free port on the switch and needs to configure the switch to enable the traffic to reach the appliance. Which of the following is the best option for the engineer to enable?
A. Trunking
B. Port mirroring
C. Full duplex
D. SNMP
Answer: B

QUESTION 215
A network administrator is troubleshooting an application issue after a firewall change. The administrator has confirmed that the port and protocol are accessible to the user, but the application is still having issues. Which of the following tools allows the administrator to look at traffic on the application layer of the OSI model?
A. ifconfig
B. tcpdump
C. nslookup
D. traceroute
Answer: 

QUESTION 216
Which of the following ports should a network administrator enable for encrypted log-in to a network switch?
A. 22
B. 23
C. 80
D. 443
Answer: A
Explanation:
SSH uses port 22 to provide secure command-line access to devices such as switches and routers. Unlike Telnet (port 23), SSH encrypts session traffic, making it the preferred method for remote administration.

QUESTION 217
Which of the following is used to stage copies of a website closer to geographically dispersed users?
A. VPN
B. CDN
C. SAN
D. SDN
Answer: B
Explanation:
A Content Delivery Network (CDN) caches website content across multiple geographically distributed servers to reduce latency and improve load times for users worldwide.

QUESTION 218
Which of the following diagrams would most likely include specifications about fiber connector types?
A. Logical
B. Physical
C. Rack
D. Routing
Answer: B

QUESTION 219
An organization moved its DNS servers to new IP addresses. After this move, customers are no longer able to access the organization's website. Which of the following DNS entries should be updated?
A. A
B. CNAME
C. MX
D. NS
Answer: D
Explanation:
When an organization moves its DNS servers to new IP addresses, the NS (Name Server) records must be updated. The NS record defines which DNS servers are authoritative for a domain. If these records still point to the old IP addresses, clients will continue to query the outdated servers, leading to connectivity issues.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 220
A customer lost the connection to the telephone system. The administration console has multiple network interfaces and is connected to multiple switches. The network administrator troubleshoots and verifies the following: The support team is able to connect remotely to the administration console. The console shows solid link and activity lights even on unused ports. Rebooting the switch does not bring the system back online. The console is able to connect directly to individual modules successfully. Which of the following is the most likely reason the customer lost the connection?
A. A switch failed
B. The console software needs to be reinstalled
C. The cables to the modules need to be replaced
D. A module failed
Answer: D

QUESTION 221
A network administrator needs to connect two network closets that are 492ft (150m) away from each other. Which of the following cable types should the administrator install between the closets?
A. Single-mode fiber
B. STP
C. DAC
D. Coaxial
Answer: A

QUESTION 222
A small business is deploying new phones, and some of the phones have full HD videoconferencing features. The Chief Information Officer is concerned that the network might not be able to handle the traffic. Which of the following network features might ease these concerns?
A. A VLAN with 100Mbps speed limits
B. An IP helper to direct VoIP traffic
C. A smaller subnet mask
D. Full duplex on all user ports
Answer: D
Explanation:
Full duplex mode allows devices to send and receive data simultaneously, improving network performance and reducing congestion, which is critical for VoIP and video conferencing.

QUESTION 223
A virtual machine has the following configuration:
- IPv4 address: 169.254.10.10
- Subnet mask: 255.255.0.0
The virtual machine can reach colocated systems but cannot reach external addresses. Which of the following is the most likely root cause?
A. The subnet mask is incorrect
B. The DHCP server is offline
C. The IP address is an RFC1918 private address
D. The DNS server is unreachable
Answer: B

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 224
A network technician is terminating a cable to a fiber patch panel in the MDF. Which of the following connector types is most likely used?
A. F-type
B. RJ11
C. BNC
D. SC
Answer: D
Explanation:
In a fiber patch panel, the SC (Subscriber Connector or Standard Connector) is commonly used because of its push-pull design and reliability in enterprise environments.

QUESTION 225
An employee walks through a badge-secured door before the door closes. Which of the following types of attacks is occurring?
A. Shoulder surfing
B. Tailgating
C. On-path
D. Phishing
Answer: B

QUESTION 226
An office is experiencing intermittent connection issues. A network engineer identifies that the issue occurs whenever someone uses the fax machine that is connected to a switch. Which of the following should the engineer do first to resolve the issue?
A. Run a new Cat 6 line
B. Enable 802.1Q tagging
C. Change the MTU
D. Configure a VLAN
Answer: D

QUESTION 227
A manager is evaluating the environmental design of a data center. Which of the following setups should the manager implement if the maximum thermal dissipation is the highest concern?
A. A blue-green
B. A hot-cold
C. An east-west
D. An active-passive
Answer: B

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 228
Which of the following internal routing protocols is best characterized as having fast convergence and being loop-free?
A. BGP
B. STP
C. OSPF
D. RIP
Answer: C

QUESTION 229
A network administrator deployed wireless networking in the office area. When users visit the outdoor area and try to download emails with large attachments or stream training videos, they notice buffering. Which of the following is the most likely cause?
A. Network congestion
B. Wireless interference
C. Signal degradation
D. Client disassociation
Answer: C
Explanation:
The most likely cause of buffering issues when moving outdoors is signal degradation. Wireless signals weaken as they travel through obstacles such as walls, glass, and air, leading to weaker connections and reduced data rates.

QUESTION 230
Which of the following activities would have groups from different departments evaluate the disaster recovery process?
A. Validation test
B. SLA
C. Tabletop exercises
D. Active-active approach
Answer: C

QUESTION 231
A technician configures a new printer and places it on the network. Which of the following is the best way to ensure the printer will always keep the same configuration?
A. Add a new scope.
B. Place an exclusion.
C. Extend the lease time.
D. Create a reservation.
Answer: D
Explanation:
Creating a reservation in the DHCP server ensures the printer always receives the same IP address, maintaining a consistent configuration.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 232
A network rack has four servers and four switches with dual power supplies. Only one intelligent PDU is installed in the rack. Which of the following is the reason to add a second PDU?
A. Failed PDU monitoring
B. Power redundancy
C. Surge protection
D. Electricity conservation
Answer: B

QUESTION 233
Which of the following allows a user to connect to an isolated device on a stand-alone network?
A. Jump box
B. API gateway
C. Secure Shell
D. Clientless VPN
Answer: A
Explanation:
A jump box is a hardened system that provides secure access to isolated or sensitive devices on a separate network.

QUESTION 234
A company is implementing a policy that will not allow employees to bring personal devices to the office and connect to the wireless network. Which of the following is the best way to enforce this policy?
A. MAC filtering
B. 802.1X
C. Port security
D. ACL
Answer: B

QUESTION 235
A network engineer is troubleshooting an issue with a VoIP network. After performing analysis, the engineer found that when users upload large files, voice quality is severely degraded. When there is no other traffic on the network, voice quality is fine. Which of the following should the engineer do to most likely resolve the issue?
A. Enable MAC filtering
B. Reduce the VLAN database
C. Configure QoS
D. Implement ACLs
Answer: C

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 236
A network administrator needs to improve network monitoring. Which of the following should the administrator establish first?
A. Baseline metrics
B. Implement SIEM
C. Conduct packet captures
D. Perform availability monitoring
Answer: A

QUESTION 237
A network administrator is troubleshooting issues with a DHCP server at a university. More students have recently arrived on campus, and the users are unable to obtain an IP address. Which of the following should the administrator do to address the issue?
A. Enable IP helper
B. Change the subnet mask
C. Increase the scope size
D. Add address exclusions
Answer: C
Explanation:
The issue is that more students have arrived on campus, meaning the available IP addresses are exhausted. To fix this, the administrator should increase the DHCP scope size to allow more devices to obtain IP addresses.

QUESTION 238
Which of the following is designed to distribute network traffic among devices based on the quantity of traffic?
A. Load balancer
B. Router
C. Proxy
D. Switch
Answer: A

QUESTION 239
A user recently moved a workstation to a different part of the office. The user is able to access the internet and print but is unable to access server resources. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the issue?
A. Incorrect default gateway
B. Wrong VLAN assignment
C. Error-disabled port
D. Duplicate IP address
Answer: B

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 240
Which of the following allows an organization to map multiple internal devices to a single external-facing IP address?
A. NAT
B. OSPF
C. BGP
D. FHRP
Answer: A

QUESTION 241
Which of the following configurations exempts traffic to the internet from traversing a VPN?
A. Client-to-site
B. Active-passive
C. Split-tunnel
D. Out-of-band
Answer: C

QUESTION 242
Which of the following ports creates a secure connection to a directory service?
A. 22
B. 389
C. 445
D. 636
Answer: D
Explanation:
LDAPS (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol over SSL) uses port 636 for standard connections and port 389 for LDAP, which secures directory service communication.

QUESTION 243
Which of the following protocols is used to route traffic on the public internet?
A. BGP
B. OSPF
C. EIGRP
D. RIP
Answer: A
Explanation:
Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) is the primary protocol used to route traffic on the public internet. It allows ISPs and large networks to exchange routing information, making it an Exterior Gateway Protocol (EGP).

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 244
An organization wants better network visibility. The organization's requirements include:
- Multivendor/OS monitoring capabilities
- Real-time collection
- Data correlation
Which of the following meets these requirements?
A. SNMP
B. SIEM
C. Nmap
D. Syslog
Answer: B
Explanation:
A Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system collects, correlates, and analyzes logs from multiple sources in real-time, providing enhanced visibility across multivendor environments.

QUESTION 245
An administrator is evaluating the use of authentication within SNMP. Which of the following is the most secure way of authenticating devices using only authentication?
A. Use version 1 of SNMP and set up trap messages to serve as a PSK
B. Use version 3 of SNMP and use community string
C. Use version 2c of SNMP and use trap strings
D. Use version 3 of SNMP to authenticate devices for network monitoring
Answer: D

QUESTION 246
A company has observed increased user traffic to gambling websites and would like to limit this behavior on work computers. Which of the following should the company most likely implement?
A. ACLs
B. Content filter
C. Port security
D. Screened subnet
Answer: B
Explanation:
A content filter blocks access to specific websites based on category, URL, or keywords. This is the best solution to restrict gambling websites.

QUESTION 247
Cloud computing has the capability to meet increased and decreased demands for computing infrastructure for a short period of time. Which of the following best describes this characteristic?
A. Efficiency
B. Elasticity
C. Multitenancy
D. Scalability
Answer: B

QUESTION 248
Which of the following is most likely to work with FC connection and offers more scalability?
A. DAS
B. SAN
C. SSE
D. NAS
Answer: B

QUESTION 249
A company is moving to a hybrid cloud model. As part of this move the mail server will be moved to the cloud. Which of the following types of DNS records should the systems administrator update?
A. NS
B. PTR
C. A
D. MX
Answer: D

QUESTION 250
A network engineer is configuring network ports in a public office. To increase security, the engineer wants the ports to allow network connections only after authentication. Which of the following security features should the engineer use?
A. Port security
B. 802.1X
C. MAC filtering
D. Access control list
Answer: B


QUESTION 251
A network administrator is expanding a network and wants to ensure unauthorized redundant links are not present. Which of the following should the administrator use to identify and block redundant links?
A. SON
B. STP
C. LLDP
D. OSPF
Answer: B

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 252
A network administrator is concerned about traffic moving laterally within the network. The administrator notices uncommon communication between VMs on the same subnet using ephemeral ports. Which of the following describes the type of traffic flow the administrator is analyzing?
A. East-west
B. Point-to-point
C. Horizontal-to-scaling
D. Hub-and-spoke
Answer: A
Explanation:
East-west traffic moves laterally between VMs within the same network or subnet, it is known as east-west traffic. This contrasts with north-south traffic, which refers to communication between internal and external assets.

QUESTION 253
A network administrator recently acquired a number of sites and no documentation of assets in use was provided. Which of the following is the best method for the administrator to use?
A. Availability monitoring
B. Packet capture
C. Physical inventory
D. Network discovery
Answer: D

QUESTION 254
A network administrator recently upgraded a wireless infrastructure with new APs. Users are reporting that, when stationary, the wireless connection drops and reconnects after 20 to 30 seconds. When reviewing the logs, the administrator notices that the APs are changing channels. Which of the following is the most likely reason for the service interruptions?
A. Channel interference
B. Roaming misconfiguration
C. Network congestion
D. Insufficient wireless coverage
Answer: A
Explanation:
If APs are changing channels frequently, it indicates automatic channel selection due to interference. This can cause temporary disconnections as the APs switch frequencies.

QUESTION 255
A network administrator needs to fail over services to an off-site DR environment. This process will take four weeks to become fully operational. Which of the following DR concepts does this describe?
A. Hot site
B. Warm site
C. Cold site
D. Active-active approach
Answer: C
Explanation:
A cold site is a backup facility that provides infrastructure (such as power, cooling, and space) but does not have active IT resources installed. When a disaster occurs, IT teams must bring in and configure all necessary hardware and software before services can resume. This process can take weeks or longerwhich matches the scenario described.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 256
A security analyst wants to control internet access based on site reputation and categorization. The analyst needs a solution that does not require traffic flow changes. Which of the following will most likely meet these requirements?
A. Proxy
B. DNS filtering
C. Router ACL
D. Load balancer
Answer: B

QUESTION 257
A user called the help desk site after business hours to complain that a device is inaccessible and the wallpaper has changed. The network administrator thinks this issue might be a ransomware attack. Which of the following troubleshooting steps should be taken first?
A. Identify the problem.
B. Establish a theory.
C. Document findings.
D. Create a plan of action.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The first step in any troubleshooting process is to identify the problem. This includes gathering information from the user, reviewing logs, and observing the symptoms. In this case, identifying the scope and nature of the issue (e.g., signs of ransomware) is critical before forming any theories or plans.

QUESTION 258
A data center interconnect using a VXLAN was recently implemented. A network engineer observes slow performance and fragmentation on the interconnect. Which of the following technologies will resolve the issue?
A. 802.1Q tagging
B. Spanning tree
C. Link aggregation
D. Jumbo frames
Answer: D
Explanation:
VXLAN (Virtual Extensible LAN) encapsulates Ethernet frames inside UDP packets, increasing packet size. This can lead to fragmentation and performance degradation unless Jumbo Frames are enabled.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 259
A new server is deployed in a trusted zone and is validated to be online with all appropriate services running. However, users in a perimeter network cannot access the server. Which of the following should the network administrator do to resolve this issue?
A. Create a TXT record on the DNS server for the new server.
B. Update the firewall ACL to allow access to the new server.
C. Configure a static route for the new server VLAN on the Layer 3 switch.
D. Insert a static ARP entry for the new server on the Layer 3 switch.
Answer: B

QUESTION 260
A network administrator recently updated configurations on a Layer 3 switch. Following the updates, users report being unable to reach a specific file server. Which of the following is the most likely cause?
A. Incorrect ACLs
B. Switching loop
C. Duplicate IP addresses
D. Wrong default route
Answer: A
Explanation:
Since this issue occurred after a configuration change on a Layer 3 switch, the most likely cause is misconfigured ACLs (Access Control Lists). ACLs control which traffic is allowed or denied, so an incorrect ACL may be blocking access to the file server.

QUESTION 261
A network engineer wants to implement a solution where all web servers send event data over port 514. Which of the following services will accomplish this task?
A. Syslog
B. DNS
C. SMTP
D. DHCP
Answer: A

QUESTION 262
A security administrator wants to discover zero-day attacks before they can be used on the company's network. Which of the following can the administrator use to accomplish this task?
A. Central repository
B. Honeypot
C. Next-generation firewall
D. Evil twin
Answer: B

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 263
Users at a satellite office are experiencing issues when using videoconferencing. Which of the following should a technician focus on first to rectify these issues?
A. Quality of service
B. Network signal
C. Time to live
D. Load balancing
Answer: A
Explanation:
Quality of Service (QoS) ensures video conferencing receives priority bandwidth to prevent latency, jitter, and packet loss. QoS settings prioritize real-time traffic, ensuring smooth performance.

QUESTION 264
A network administrator is trying to locate which switch interface a PC is connected to. The administrator accesses the local switch, pings the PC IP address, and then uses the command show arp. Which of the following commands should the administrator use next?
A. show route
B. show mac-address-table
C. show vlan
D. show interface
Answer: B

QUESTION 265
A user attempts to log in to a corporate website utilizing a shortcut. The shortcut has been used many times before. The user then notices some discrepancies on the company website. Which of the following is most likely the reason for this issue?
A. VLAN hopping
B. ARP spoofing
C. DNS poisoning
D. MAC flooding
Answer: C

QUESTION 266
Which of the following SD-WAN features allows a router to be shipped directly to the installation site and does not require site-level configuration?
A. Zero-touch provisioning
B. Application aware
C. Transport agnostic
D. Central policy management
Answer: A

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 267
Which of the following types of routes will take precedence when building a routing table for a given subnet?
A. Static
B. BGP
C. OSPF
D. Default
Answer: A

QUESTION 268
Which of the following would an adversary do while conducting an evil twin attack?
A. Trick users into using an AP with an SSID that is identical to a legitimate network.
B. Manipulate address resolution to point devices to a malicious endpoint.
C. Present an identical MAC to gain unauthorized access to network resources.
D. Capture data in transit between two legitimate endpoints to steal data.
Answer: 

QUESTION 269
An ISP provided a company with an IP range of 98.174.235.128/28. A network technician configured a router with a subnet mask of 255.255.255.224 and default gateway of 98.174.235.129. After the configuration was set up, the company is unable to connect to the ISP. Which of the following should the technician do to resolve this issue?
A. Change the subnet mask to /29
B. Change the CIDR notation from the external interface to the modem.
C. Change the static IP to 98.174.235.128.
D. Change the Ethernet cable
Answer: A

QUESTION 270
A network administrator is troubleshooting a connection between two switches that is experiencing intermittent errors. The administrator needs to determine which port on the remote switch is connected to the faulty cable. Which of the following is the best tool to use to identify the error?
A. tracert
B. LLDP
C. nmap
D. ping
Answer: B

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 271
Which of the following is a difference between EOL and EOS?
A. EOL discontinues the product but may offer support.
B. EOS replaces free support with a subscription model.
C. EOL only applies to physical products.
D. EOS still guarantees warranty service.
Answer: 

QUESTION 272
Which of the following is the MOST appropriate solution to extend the network to a building located across the street from the main facility?
A. Multimode fiber
B. 802.11ac wireless bridge
C. Cat 6 copper
D. Loopback adapter
Answer: B
Explanation:
An 802.11ac wireless bridge is the most practical solution to connect two nearby buildings without trenching or laying new cable. It provides high-speed, point-to-point connectivity using directional antennas.

QUESTION 273
A network engineer is testing a website to ensure it is compatible with IPv6. After attempting to ping the website by its IPv6 address, the engineer determines that the DNS has not been set up for IPv6. Which of the following should the network engineer do to resolve this issue?
A. Enable a PTR record.
B. Update the existing TXT record.
C. Add an AAAA record.
D. Configure a secondary NS record.
Answer: C
Explanation:
AAAA records map domain names to IPv6 addresses, enabling proper resolution.

QUESTION 274
A small coffee shop wants to set up multiple 2.4GHz wireless access points. The access points will support a large number of users, and the network technician wants to mitigate interference as much as the equipment can support. Which of the following is the number of 22MHz channels that the equipment can support?
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
D. 4
Answer: C

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 275
A company is purchasing a 40Gbps broadband connection service from an ISP. Which of the following should most likely be configured on the 10G switch to take advantage of the new service?
A. 802.1Q tagging
B. Jumbo frames
C. Half duplex
D. Link aggregation
Answer: D
Explanation:
Link aggregation (LACP) supports 10Gbps per port, achieving 40Gbps throughput requires combining multiple 10Gbps links into one logical interface for higher bandwidth.

QUESTION 276
Which of the following are the main differences between ESP and AH? (Choose two.)
A. AH provides confidentiality through the use of encryption.
B. ESP provides authentication through IP headers and their payloads.
C. AH provides authentication through the use of encryption.
D. ESP provides data origin authentication over shared secret.
E. AH provides data origin authorization over shared secret.
F. ESP provides confidentiality through IP headers and payloads.
Answer: CD

QUESTION 277
Which of the following is the most likely function to be decremented when a tool is used to measure the distance between two locations on the internet?
A. GRE
B. TTL
C. VPN
D. QoS
Answer: B

QUESTION 278
A user's home mesh wireless network is experiencing latency issues. A technician has:
- Performed a speed test.
- Rebooted the devices.
- Performed a site survey.
- Performed a wireless packet capture.
The technician reviews the following information from the wireless packet capture:

SSID     MAC              RSSI     Channel
Home     AAAAAAAAAAAAAA111112     -83dBm   11
Home     AAAAAAAAAAAAAA111113     -91dBm   11
Home     AAAAAAAAAAAAAA111114     -70dBm   11

The technician notices in the packet capture that frames are being retransmitted. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the user's network issue?
A. The SSIDs should not be the same.
B. The network has too much overlap.
C. The devices are incompatible with the mesh network.
D. The nodes are underpowered.
Answer: B
Explanation:
Too much overlap on the same channel (all devices on channel 11) causes interference, leading to retransmissions and higher latency.

QUESTION 279
A network engineer implements a 192.168.100.0/25 subnet for a building without obtaining sizing requirements. It is later determined that the building will house 700 people. Which of the following subnet masks would most efficiently support that number of people?
A. 255.255.252.0
B. 255.255.254.0
C. 255.255.255.128
D. 255.255.255.0
Answer: A

QUESTION 280
A company is building a new campus that will have wired and wireless devices. The network will be designed to support casual internet usage for guests and break rooms for employees. Which of the following authentication site methods is best suited for guests given the requirements of this scenario?
A. ESP
B. PSK
C. WPA
D. IKE
Answer: B

QUESTION 281
Following the troubleshooting methodology, a technician implements a solution that resolves the reported issue. Which of the following should the technician do next?
A. Document the findings.
B. Establish a theory of action.
C. Create a plan of action.
D. Identify the problem.
Answer: A

QUESTION 282
Which of the following protocols uses Dijkstra's Link State Algorithm to establish routes inside its routing table?
A. OSPF
B. EIGRP
C. BGP
D. RIP
Answer: A
Explanation:
OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) is a link-state routing protocol that uses the Dijkstra algorithm, also known as the shortest path first (SPF) algorithm, to determine the most efficient routes.

QUESTION 283
Which of the following traffic types does a DHCP Discover request from a PC use?
A. Broadcast
B. Anycast
C. Unicast
D. Multicast
Answer: A

QUESTION 284
A network administrator is installing a network for a small company. The switches will be installed in parallel to prevent redundancy in case a specific device fails. Which of the following should be configured?
A. Spanning tree
B. CRC
C. Jumbo frames
D. Link aggregation
Answer: A

QUESTION 285
Which of the following web portal VPN types provides secure remote access to the network resources through a web portal?
A. Proxy
B. Clientless
C. Site-to-site
D. Direct connect
Answer: B

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 286
Several users in an organization report connectivity issues and lag during a video meeting. The network administrator performs a tcpdump and observes increased retransmissions for other non-video applications on the network. Which of the following symptoms describes the users' reported issues?
A. Latency
B. Packet loss
C. Jitter
D. Bottlenecking
Answer: B
Explanation:
Packet loss occurs when network packets fail to reach their destination, leading to disruptions and performance issues. In this scenario, video meetings are particularly sensitive to packet loss, leading to buffering, frozen screens, and dropped calls.

QUESTION 287
An investment bank is seeking a DR backup solution. Which of the following provides the most cost-effective backup site?
A. Hot
B. Cold
C. Cluster
D. Warm
Answer: B
Explanation:
Cold sites are the most cost-effective IT recovery (DR) option as they require the least infrastructure investment. They provide disaster recovery power but no pre-configured systems.

QUESTION 288
In an environment with one router, which of the following will allow a network engineer to communicate between VLANs without purchasing additional hardware?
A. Subinterfaces
B. VXLAN
C. Layer 3 switch
D. VRRP
Answer: A
Explanation:
A subinterface (known as Router-on-a-Stick or ROAS) is a logical interface created on a single physical router interface. This method is commonly used when only one physical router is available, allowing inter-VLAN communication without additional hardware.

QUESTION 289
A company implements a video streaming solution that will play on all computers that have joined a particular group, but router ACLs are blocking the traffic. Which of the following is the most appropriate IP address that router ACLs will be allowed in the ACL?
A. 127.0.0.1
B. 172.17.1.1
C. 224.0.0.1
D. 240.0.0.1
Answer: C
Explanation:
224.0.0.1 is a multicast address that allows packets to be sent to all hosts within a multicast group. Since video streaming often uses multicast to efficiently distribute data to multiple clients without unnecessary duplication, this is the correct answer.

QUESTION 290
After a company installed a new IPS, the network is experiencing speed degradation. A network administrator is troubleshooting the issue and runs a speed test. The results from the different network locations are as follows:

Location          Speed Down     Speed Up
Wireless laptop   4.8 Mbps       5.2 Mbps
Wired desktop     49.3 Mbps      47.1 Mbps
Firewall          48.8 Mbps      49.5 Mbps

Which of the following is the most likely issue?
A. Packet loss
B. Bottlenecking
C. Channel overlap
D. Network congestion
Answer: B
Explanation:
Bottlenecking occurs when a device in the network (such as an IPS) cannot process traffic efficiently, resulting in a dramatic drop in throughput. The significant difference between the firewall's speed (48.8 Mbps down) and the end-user devices' speeds (4.8 - 5.2 Mbps down) indicates a bottleneck caused by the IPS.

QUESTION 291
Which of the following protocol ports should be used to securely transfer a file?
A. 22
B. 69
C. 80
D. 3389
Answer: A
Explanation:
Port 22 is used for SFTP (Secure File Transfer Protocol) and SCP (Secure Copy Protocol), which encrypt file transfers using SSH (Secure Shell). This ensures data is transmitted securely over the network.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 292
A medical clinic recently configured a guest wireless network on the existing router. Since then, guests have been changing the music on the speaker system. Which of the following actions should the clinic take to prevent unauthorized access? (Choose two.)
A. Isolate smart devices to their own network segment.
B. Configure guest devices to the network.
C. Install a new AP on the network.
D. Set up a syslog server to log who is making changes.
E. Change the default credentials.
F. Configure GRE on the wireless router.
Answer: AE
Explanation:
Isolate smart devices to their own network segment: Network segmentation using VLANs or separate SSIDs separates smart devices (like speakers) from guests. Change the default credentials: Many IoT devices (speakers) come with default usernames and passwords. If these are not changed, unauthorized users can easily take control.

QUESTION 293
Which of the following best explains what happens at the data link layer when a packet is lost in transit when using UDP?
A. The data link layer will retransmit the packet.
B. The sender does not receive a UDP acknowledgement and will resend the packet if necessary.
C. The receiver will recognize the loss and initiate a resend of the packet if necessary.
D. Some applications will recognize the loss and initiate a resend of the packet if necessary.
Answer: D
Explanation:
UDP is a connectionless, "fire-and-forget" protocol with no acknowledgements or built-in retransmission. Reliable delivery is required, logic must be implemented at the application layer.

QUESTION 294
A group of users cannot connect to network resources. The technician runs ipconfig from one user's device and is able to ping the gateway but cannot access network shares. Which of the following is most likely preventing the users from accessing network resources?
A. VLAN hopping
B. Rogue DHCP
C. Distributed DoS
D. Evil twin
Answer: B
Explanation:
A rogue DHCP server occurs when an unauthorized or misconfigured DHCP server assigns incorrect IP addresses, default gateways, or DNS settings to clients. The user can ping the gateway (local connectivity working), but cannot access network resources, suggesting incorrect IP configuration (likely due to a rogue DHCP server assigning the wrong gateway or DNS).

QUESTION 295
An employee in a corporate clicks on a link in an email that was forwarded to them. The employee is redirected to a splash page that says the page is restricted. Which of the following security DLP solutions is most likely in place?
A. DLP
B. Captive portal
C. Content filtering
D. DNS sinkholing
Answer: C
Explanation:
Content filtering blocks access to restricted or malicious websites. When a user attempts to visit a site that violates company policies, they are redirected to a restriction page. This is a common security measure to prevent employees from accessing phishing or malware-infected or harmful content. Content filters work by scanning URLs, keywords, and categories and blocking inappropriate sites.

QUESTION 296
Which of the following will allow secure, remote access to internal applications?
A. VPN
B. CDN
C. SAN
D. IDS
Answer: A
Explanation:
A Virtual Private Network (VPN) creates an encrypted connection between a remote user and an internal network, ensuring secure access to internal applications. VPNs use encryption protocols like IPsec and SSL/TLS to protect data during transmission.

QUESTION 297
A network administrator needs to connect a department to a new network segment. They need to use a DHCP server located on another network. Which of the following can the administrator use to complete this task?
A. IP Helper
B. Reservation
C. Exclusion
D. Scope
Answer: A
Explanation:
An IP Helper (IP Helper Address) allows DHCP requests to pass through routers and reach a DHCP server on another network. DHCP broadcasts are not forwarded across routers by default, so an IP Helper Address is needed.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 298
Which of the following troubleshooting steps would provide a change advisory board with the information needed to make a decision?
A. Identify the problem.
B. Develop a theory of probable cause.
C. Test the theory to determine cause.
D. Establish a plan of action.
Answer: D
Explanation:
A Change Advisory Board (CAB) reviews and approves network changes. Before approval, they need a detailed action plan outlining the change, potential impacts, and mitigation steps, which is part of establishing a plan of action.

QUESTION 299
A firewall administrator is mapping a server's internal IP address to an external IP address for public use. Which of the following is the name of this function?
A. NAT
B. PAT
C. VIP
D. BGP
Answer: A
Explanation:
Network Address Translation (NAT) is the function that maps a server's internal IP address to a public IP address for external use. This allows internal devices to communicate with external networks (such as the internet) using a single or a few external IP addresses, while hiding the internal network structure and numbers.

QUESTION 300
Two companies successfully merged. Following the merger, a network administrator identified a connection bottleneck. The newly formed company plans to acquire a high-end 40GB switch as a three-tier model to a collapsed core. Which of the following should the administrator do until the new switches are acquired?
A. Implement FHRP
B. Configure a route selection metric change.
C. Install a load balancer.
D. Enable link aggregation.
Answer: D
Explanation:
The issue described is a network bottleneck due to increased traffic after a merger. Until the 40GB switch is acquired and reduce latency, Link Aggregation (LAG) (IEEE 802.3ad / LACP) can be used to combine multiple physical links into a single logical link, increasing bandwidth and reducing bottlenecks.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 301
A network administrator changed an external DNS to point customers to a new server. Which of the following tools should the administrator use to test the new server's configuration?
A. ping
B. tracert
C. tcpdump
D. nslookup
Answer: D
Explanation:
nslookup allows querying DNS records to verify if the new server is correctly resolving domain names.

QUESTION 302
A network administrator installs new cabling to connect new computers and access points. After deploying the equipment, the administrator notices a few of the devices are not connecting properly. Which of the following should the administrator verify next?
A. Power budget
B. Device requirements
C. Port status
D. Cable termination
Answer: D
Explanation:
Cable termination issues (e.g., improper crimping, loose connectors) can cause connectivity failures.

QUESTION 303
A network administrator is developing a method of device monitoring with the following requirements:
- Allows for explicit, per user, privilege management
- Includes centralized logging of changes
- Offers widely accessible remote management
- Provides support of service accounts
Which of the following will most closely meet requirements?
A. SNMP
B. API
C. SIEM
D. SSO
Answer: B
Explanation:
API (Application Programming Interface) enables secure and granular access control, remote management, and logging, making it ideal for network device monitoring.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 304
A security engineer is trying to connect 12 cameras to a 12-port PoE switch, but only eight cameras turn on. Which of the following should the engineer check first?
A. Ethernet cable type
B. Voltage
C. Transceiver
D. DHCP compatibility
Answer: B
Explanation:
Power over Ethernet (PoE) allows devices such as cameras, access points, and VoIP phones to receive both power and data over the same Ethernet cable. The most likely issue is that the PoE switch has exceeded its power output (total wattage budget). PoE Budget Limitation: PoE switches have a maximum power output, which can limit the number of devices they support simultaneously. 802.3af (PoE): Supplies up to 15.4W per port. 802.3at (PoE+): Supplies up to 30W per port. Power Draw Calculation: If each camera requires 15W and the switch can only provide 120W, then only eight cameras (8  15W = 120W) will turn on.

QUESTION 305
A network administrator is configuring a network for a new site that will have 150 users. Within the next year, the site is expected to grow by ten users. Each user will have two IP addresses (one for a computer and one for a phone) connected to the network. Which of the following classful IPv4 address ranges will be best-suited for the network?
A. Class B
B. Class C
C. Class A
D. Class D
Answer: B
Explanation:
For a new site with 150 users, each requiring two IP addresses (one for a computer and one for a phone), the network will need a total of (150+10)2=320 IP addresses within a year. Class B is the best-suited classful IPv4 address range for this network because it provides enough host addresses (up to 65,534 usable) for 320 devices and allows for some future growth without wasting a huge number of addresses.

QUESTION 306
A network administrator determines that some switch ports have more errors present than expected. The administrator traces the cabling associated with these ports. Which of the following would most likely be causing the errors?
A. arp
B. tracert
C. nmap
D. ipconfig
Answer: 

QUESTION 307
A technician is designing a cloud service solution that will accommodate the company's current compute, storage, and networking resources. Which of the following cloud deployment models will fulfill these requirements?
A. SaaS
B. PaaS
C. IaaS
D. LaaS
Answer: C
Explanation:
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) is the best choice for a company that needs to customize its cloud solution based on size, compute power, storage, and networking resources. IaaS provides virtual machines, compute, storage, and networking resources on demand. Benefits: Scalable based on company needs. Reduces the need for physical infrastructure.


QUESTION 308
A company experiences an incident involving a user who connects an unmanaged switch to the network. Which of the following technologies should the company implement to help avoid similar incidents without conducting an asset inventory?
A. Screened subnet
B. 802.1X
C. MAC filtering
D. Port security
Answer: D
Explanation:
Port Security is a Layer 2 security feature that restricts the number of devices connecting to a network switch port. It helps prevent unauthorized devices, such as an unmanaged switch, from being connected to the network. It limits the number of MAC addresses that can connect to a port. Can shut down or restrict the port if an unauthorized device is detected. Prevents users from plugging in unauthorized equipment (e.g., unmanaged switches, hubs).

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 309
A user cannot access an external server for a client after connecting to a VPN. Which of the following commands would a support agent most likely use to examine the issue? (Select two.)
A. nslookup
B. tcpdump
C. arp
D. dig
E. tracert
F. route print
Answer: EF
Explanation:
tracert (traceroute) examines the path packets take from the user's device to the destination server. Helps determine if routing or network path issues are causing the problem. route print Displays the device's routing table. Helps determine whether traffic is being blocked or misrouted, or if traffic is being sent to the VPN tunnel instead of the correct external server.

QUESTION 310
A network analyst is installing a wireless network in a corporate environment. Employees are required to use their domain identities and credentials to authenticate and connect to the WLAN. Which of the following security actions should the analyst perform on the AP to fulfill the requirements?
A. Enable MAC security.
B. Generate a PSK for each user.
C. Implement WPS.
D. Set up WPA3 protocol.
Answer: D
Explanation:
WPA3-Enterprise provides strong security and supports domain authentication through 802.1X/EAP. This is the best choice for corporate environments requiring domain credentials. WPA3-Enterprise Benefits: Uses 802.1X with EAP (Extensible Authentication Protocol) to authenticate users via a directory service. Eliminates shared passwords (PSK) and resistance to brute-force attacks. Provides strong encryption.

QUESTION 311
An administrator enables filtering on the firewall to block users from visiting malicious websites. Which of the following should the administrator also do? (Choose two.)
A. Disable DoH in users' internet browsers.
B. Update NS record to point to DNS filter servers.
C. Block port 443 to the malicious websites.
D. Block port 53 to servers on the internet.
E. Disable v1.3 in users' internet browsers.
F. Implement DNSSEC for corporate records.
Answer: AF

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 312
Which of the following is concerned with guaranteed availability of a cloud resource?
A. IPAM
B. SLA
C. MTBF
D. EOL
Answer: B
Explanation:
An SLA (Service Level Agreement) is a contract that outlines the guaranteed availability, performance, and reliability of a cloud resource or service. It defines the level of service the provider commits to, including uptime guarantees (e.g., 99.9% availability) and the remedies or credits in case those guarantees are not met. It is directly concerned with ensuring the availability of a cloud resource.

QUESTION 313
A network consultant needs to decide between running 5GHz point-to-point functionality on a WAP with an Ethernet uplink or using a built-in 5GHz client-to-point functionality to assist the consultant in this decision?
A. Site survey results
B. Physical diagram
C. Service-level agreement
D. Logical diagram
Answer: A

QUESTION 314
Users in an organization report that the wireless network is not working in some areas of the building. Users report that other wireless network SSIDs are visible when searching for the organization's network SSID is not displayed. Which of the following is the most likely cause?
A. Interference or channel overlap
B. Insufficient wireless coverage
C. Roaming misconfiguration issues
D. Client disassociation issues
Answer: B
Explanation:
If the company's SSID is not visible in some areas while other networks are still visible, the most likely cause is insufficient wireless coverage. The wireless signal does not reach those areas, meaning additional access points or signal boosters may be required.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 315
A network administrator is reviewing a production web server and observes the following output from the netstat command:

Proto   LocalAddress            ForeignAddress          State           PID
TCP     0.0.0.0:22              0.0.0.0:0               LISTENING       3208
TCP     0.0.0.0:20              0.0.0.0:0               LISTENING       1439
TCP     0.0.0.0:21              0.0.0.0:0               LISTENING       758
TCP     0.0.0.0:23              0.0.0.0:0               LISTENING       1493
TCP     0.0.0.0:69              0.0.0.0:0               LISTENING       3241
TCP     0.0.0.0:80              0.0.0.0:0               LISTENING       382

Which of the following actions should the network administrator take to harden the security of the web server?
A. Disable the unused ports.
B. Enforce access control lists.
C. Perform content filtering.
D. Set up a screened subnet.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The netstat output shows multiple ports open, including Telnet (23), FTP (20/21), and TFTP (69), which are potential security risks. Disabling unused ports minimizes the attack surface and reduces security vulnerabilities.

QUESTION 316
A small company has the following IP addressing strategy:
User subnet: 192.168.1.0/24
Voice subnet: 192.168.2.0/24
Server subnet: 192.168.10.0/24

A user is unable to connect to the company fileshare server located at 192.168.10.1. The user's networking configuration is:
Physical Address: . . . . . . . . . . : 7A-01-7A-21-13-01
IPv4 Address. . . . . . . . . . . : 192.168.1.30
Subnet Mask . . . . . . . . . . . : 255.255.255.0
Default Gateway . . . . . . . . . : 192.168.1.1
DNS Servers . . . . . . . . . . . : 192.168.1.10 192.168.1.11

Which of the following will most likely correct the issue?
A. Changing the IPv4 address to 192.168.10.1
B. Changing the subnet mask to 255.255.0.0
C. Changing the DNS servers to internet-01.internet-21-01-50
D. Changing the physical address to internet-01-01-01-50
Answer: B
Explanation:
If the user cannot communicate with 192.168.10.1, they might be on a different subnet. Changing the subnet mask to 255.255.0.0 ensures the user and the file server are in the same subnet.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 317
A network engineer is implementing a solution by which on-premises servers are migrated to a cloud to meet this requirement. Which of the following service models will provide a lift and shift solution?
A. Infrastructure as a service
B. Infrastructure as a code
C. Software as a service
D. Software-defined network
Answer: A

QUESTION 318
A network administrator is conducting an assessment and found network devices that do not adhere to standards. Which of the following configurations is considered a set of rules that devices should adhere to?
A. Production
B. Backup
C. Candidate
D. Golden
Answer: D

QUESTION 319
An IT department asks a newly hired employee to use a personal laptop until the company can provide one. Which of the following policies is most applicable to this situation?
A. IAM
B. BYOD
C. DLP
D. AUP
Answer: B
Explanation:
BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) policies define rules for using personal devices on the company network. Since the new employee is using a personal laptop, this policy applies.

QUESTION 320
Which of the following offers the ability to manage access at the cloud VM instance level?
A. Security group
B. Internet gateway
C. Direct Connect
D. Network ACL
Answer: A
Explanation:
Security groups in cloud environments act as virtual firewalls for VM instances, controlling inbound and outbound traffic based on specified rules.

QUESTION 321
A network administrator is concerned with on-path attacks and wants to provide encryption of fully qualified domain names in outbound communications for internet communication. Which of the following best describes the protocol that provides the proper security layer?
A. SSL
B. DoH
C. DNSSec
D. TLS
Answer: B

QUESTION 322
A network administrator wants to restrict inbound traffic to allow only HTTPS to the company website, denying all other inbound traffic from the internet. Which of the following would best accomplish this goal?
A. ACL on the edge firewall
B. Port security on an access switch
C. Content filtering on a web proxy
D. URL filtering on an outbound proxy
Answer: A
Explanation:
An Access Control List (ACL) configured on the edge firewall is the correct and most effective solution for filtering inbound traffic to allow only TCP port 443 (HTTPS) and deny all other traffic. This is a classic firewall configuration for securing public-facing servers.

QUESTION 323
A network engineer is deploying switches at a new remote office. The switches have been preconfigured with hostnames and STP priority values.
Based on the following table:

Hostname          MAC address          STP priority
core-sw01         0000.0000.0001a      4096
distribution-sw01 0000.0000.0005b      32768
access-sw01       0000.0000.0005e      4096
access-sw02       0000.0000.0001b      32768

Which of the following switches will become the root bridge?
A. core-sw01
B. access-sw01
C. distribution-sw01
D. access-sw02
Answer: B
Explanation:
If switches have the same priority value, the switch with the lowest MAC address will be selected as the root bridge. Here core-sw01 and access-sw01 have same STP priority values. access-sw01 has lowest MAC Address.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 324
A network administrator has been monitoring the company's servers to ensure they are available. Which of the following should the administrator use for this task?
A. Packet capture
B. Data usage reports
C. SNMP traps
D. Configuration monitoring
Answer: C
Explanation:
To monitor server availability, SNMP traps are the best choice. SNMP (Simple Network Management Protocol) allows servers to send alerts (traps) when certain conditions are met, such as server downtime or high resource usage.

QUESTION 325
A network technician notices a device is at EOL. Which of the following should the technician do as part of the decommissioning plan?
A. Retrofitting
B. Decommissioning
C. Restarting
D. Upgrading
Answer: B

QUESTION 326
A network engineer needs to add a boundary network to isolate and separate the internal network from the public-facing internet. Which of the following security defense solutions would best accomplish this task?
A. Trusted zones
B. URL filtering
C. ACLs
D. Screened subnet
Answer: D
Explanation:
A screened subnet (also known as a demilitarized zone (DMZ)) is a security architecture that isolates and separates the internal network from the public-facing internet. This prevents web servers, email servers, and VPN gateways (such as public services) from direct access to the internal network, reducing the risk of attacks. A screened subnet typically involves: One firewall protecting the public internet, Another firewall typically protecting the internal network.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 327
Which of the following allows for the interception of traffic between the source and destination?
A. Self-signed certificate
B. ARP poisoning
C. On-path attack
D. Phishing
Answer: C
Explanation:
An on-path attack (formerly known as a man-in-the-middle (MITM) attack) involves intercepting and potentially altering communications between two parties without their knowledge. This can be done via techniques like ARP poisoning, rogue access points, or SSL stripping.

QUESTION 328
A company discovers an unauthorized person installed a rogue access point in its secure facility. Which of the following allowed the unauthorized person to do this?
A. Evil twin
B. Honeypot
C. War driving
D. Tailgating
Answer: D

QUESTION 329
A secure communication link needs to be configured between data centers via the internet. The data centers are located in different regions. Which of the following is the best protocol for the network administrator to use?
A. DCI
B. GRE
C. VXLAN
D. IPsec
Answer: D
Explanation:
IPsec (Internet Protocol Security) is the best choice for secure communication over the internet. It provides encryption, authentication, and data integrity. It is widely used in VPNs and site-to-site secure tunnels.

QUESTION 330
Which of the following can be implemented to add an additional layer of security between a corporate network and network management interfaces?
A. Jump box
B. Console server
C. API interface
D. In-band management
Answer: A
Explanation:
A jump box is a hardened, isolated system that provides secure access to critical infrastructure devices like routers and firewalls.

QUESTION 331
A large company technician needs to create networks from a Class C address with 14 hosts per subnet. Which of the following numbers of host bits is required?
A. One
B. Two
C. Three
D. Four
Answer: D

QUESTION 332
Which of the following connector types would most likely be used to connect to an external antenna?
A. BNC
B. ST
C. LC
D. MPO
Answer: A
Explanation:
BNC connectors are commonly used for coaxial cables, including those connecting to external antennas in Wi-Fi, radio, and surveillance systems.

QUESTION 333
A company recently converted most of the office laptops to connect wirelessly to the corporate network. After a recent high-traffic malware attack, narrowing the event to a specific user was difficult for the company to take? Which of the following actions should the company take?
A. Restrict users to the 5GHz frequency.
B. Upgrade to a mesh network.
C. Migrate from PSK to Enterprise.
D. Implement WPA2 encryption.
Answer: C
Explanation:
Using Pre-Shared Key (PSK) authentication means all users share the same Wi-Fi password, making it difficult to identify individual users during security incidents. Migrating to WPA3-Enterprise (or WPA2-Enterprise) replaces PSK authentication with individual user credentials using 802.1X authentication and a RADIUS server. This allows the organization to: Track and log specific user activity, Enforce per-user authentication policies, Improve network security.

QUESTION 334
After providing a username and password, a user must input a passcode from a phone. Which of the following authentication technologies is used in this example?
A. SSO
B. LDAP
C. MFA
D. SAML
Answer: C
Explanation:
This is an example of Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) because it requires: Something you know (username/password), Something you have (phone-generated passcode).

QUESTION 335
Which of the following services runs on port 636?
A. SMTP
B. Syslog
C. TFTP
D. LDAPS
Answer: D
Explanation:
LDAPS (LDAP over SSL) uses port 636 to provide secure, encrypted authentication for directory services.

QUESTION 336
Which of the following protocols allows automatic routing failover for an active-passive firewall pair?
A. EIGRP
B. OSPF
C. VRRP
D. BGP
Answer: C
Explanation:
VRRP (Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol) enables automatic routing failover for an active-passive firewall pair by allowing multiple routers (or firewalls) to share a virtual IP address. The active firewall handles traffic while the passive firewall remains on standby. If the active firewall fails, the passive firewall automatically takes over, ensuring continuous network availability.

QUESTION 337
Which of the following is a major difference between an IPS and IDS?
A. An IPS needs to be installed in line with traffic and an IDS does not.
B. An IPS is signature-based and an IDS is not.
C. An IPS is less susceptible to false positives than an IDS.
D. An IPS requires less administrative overhead than an IDS.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The key difference is that an Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) is installed in line with network traffic, allowing it to actively block threats. In contrast, an Intrusion Detection System (IDS) only monitors and alerts without blocking traffic.

QUESTION 338
Which of the following steps of the troubleshooting methodology comes after testing the theory to determine cause?
A. Verify full system functionality.
B. Document the findings and outcomes.
C. Establish a plan of action.
D. Identify the problem.
Answer: C
Explanation:
The CompTIA Troubleshooting Methodology states that after testing the theory, the next step is to establish a plan of action to resolve the issue.

QUESTION 339
A network administrator installed a new VLAN to the network after a company added an additional floor to the office. Users are unable to obtain an IP address on the new VLAN, but ports on existing VLANs are working properly. Which of the following configurations should the administrator update?
A. Scope size
B. Address reservations
C. IP helper
D. Lease time
Answer: C
Explanation:
When a new VLAN is created, it typically exists on a different subnet. If DHCP servers are on a different subnet, clients in the new VLAN won't receive IP addresses unless DHCP requests are forwarded correctly. An IP helper is required to forward DHCP requests to the DHCP server.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 340
Which of the following ports is used when a client accesses an SFTP server?
A. 22
B. 80
C. 443
D. 3389
Answer: A
Explanation:
SFTP (Secure File Transfer Protocol) operates over port 22, using SSH (Secure Shell) encryption for secure file transfers.

QUESTION 341
A network engineer discovers network traffic that is sending confidential information to an unauthorized and unknown destination. Which of the following best describes the cause of this network traffic?
A. Adware
B. Ransomware
C. Darkware
D. Malware
Answer: D
Explanation:
Malware refers to any malicious software that can exfiltrate confidential data, including spyware, trojans, and rootkits. This fits the scenario where unauthorized data transfer is occurring.

QUESTION 342
An organization has four departments that each need access to different resources that do not overlap. Which of the following should a technician configure in order to implement and assign an ACL?
A. VLAN
B. VACP
C. DHCP
D. STP
Answer: A
Explanation:
VLANs (Virtual Local Area Networks) segment network traffic by department, allowing ACLs (Access Control Lists) to be applied based on VLAN membership, improving security and resource isolation.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 343
Users usually use RDP to connect to a terminal server with hostname TS19 that points to 10.0.100.19. Users recently have been unable to connect to TS19. The technician pings 10.0.100.19 and gets an unreachable subnet. Which of the following is the most likely cause?
A. The IP address was not reserved.
B. The DHCP server renewed the lease.
C. The hostname was changed.
D. The IP address was changed.
Answer: C
Explanation:
If users are unable to connect to the terminal server using the IP address 10.0.100.19, they might be getting an "unreachable subnet" error when pinging it. The most likely cause is that the IP address is not reserved in the DHCP server. When an IP address is not reserved, it is possible that the address was assigned to another device, causing the terminal server's IP address to change or become unavailable.

QUESTION 344
A customer calls the help desk to report issues with connection to the internet. The customer can reach a local database server. A technician goes to the site and examines the configuration: Which of the following is causing the user's issue?
A. Incorrect default gateway
B. Unreachable DNS
C. Failed root bridge
D. Poor upstream routing
Answer: B
Explanation:
The customer can access local resources (a database server), which means local networking is working. If the default gateway is unreachable, packets will not be routed outside the local network.

QUESTION 345
Which of the following provides an opportunity for an on-path attack?
A. Phishing
B. Dumpster diving
C. Evil twin
D. Tailgating
Answer: C
Explanation:
An evil twin is a rogue Wi-Fi access point that mimics a legitimate network. Attackers use it to intercept and manipulate traffic, making it an on-path (formerly MITM) attack opportunity.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 346
A university is implementing a new campus wireless network. A network administrator needs to configure the network to support a large number of devices and high-bandwidth demands from students. Which of the following wireless technologies should the administrator consider for this scenario?
A. Bluetooth
B. Wi-Fi 6E
C. 5G
D. LTE
Answer: B
Explanation:
Wi-Fi 6E is the best choice for high-density environments, as it provides higher speeds, more capacity, and lower latency.

QUESTION 347
A network administrator is troubleshooting a connectivity issue between two devices on two different subnets. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the connectivity issue?
A. Incorrect default gateway
B. Faulty Ethernet cable
C. Wrong duplex settings
D. VLAN mismatch
Answer: A
Explanation:
When two devices are on different subnets, they are unable to communicate directly but can communicate if properly configured to route traffic between networks. If the default gateway is incorrectly configured, the device cannot route traffic to other subnets.

QUESTION 348
Which of the following connectors allows a singular QSFP transceiver to have several physical connections?
A. RJ45
B. ST
C. LC
D. MPO
Answer: D
Explanation:
The MPO (Multi-fiber Push On) connector is designed to handle multiple fiber strands in a single connector and is commonly used with high-density transceivers like QSFP (Quad Small Form-factor Pluggable). QSFP can support up to four channels (hence "quad"), and MPO connectors make them ideal for 40Gbps/100Gbps deployments.

QUESTION 349
A network engineer needs to order cabling to connect two buildings within the same city. Which of the following media types should the network engineer use?
A. Coaxial
B. Twinaxial
C. Single-mode fiber
D. Cat 5
Answer: C
Explanation:
Single-mode fiber is best suited for long-distance communication, often exceeding 10 km (6.2 miles). It is immune to EMI and offers high bandwidth  making it the ideal choice for connecting buildings across a city.

QUESTION 350
A company recently implemented a videoconferencing system that utilizes large amounts of bandwidth. Users are reporting slow internet speeds, congestion, and an overall decrease in network performance. (Choose two.) Which of the following are most likely the causes of the network performance issues?
A. DNS misconfiguration
B. Inadequate network security
C. Malware or a virus
D. Outdated software
E. Incorrect QoS settings
F. Network congestion
Answer: EF
Explanation:
When high-bandwidth services like videoconferencing are introduced, two primary factors may degrade performance: QoS (Quality of Service) is used to prioritize traffic. If not configured correctly, critical services like video may not get the necessary bandwidth and prioritization. Network Congestion: Video services consume large amounts of bandwidth; if the network doesn't have sufficient bandwidth or isn't segmented properly, congestion will slow down all services.


QUESTION 351
A network engineer configures the network settings in a new server as follows:
IP address: 192.163.1.15
Subnet mask: 255.255.255.0
Gateway: 192.163.1.255

The server can reach other hosts on the same subnet successfully, but it cannot reach hosts on different subnets. Which of the following is most likely configured incorrectly?
A. Subnet mask
B. Gateway
C. Default route
D. IP address
Answer: B
Explanation:
The default gateway for a network should be an IP address within the subnet, but not the broadcast address. In this case: IP: 192.163.1.15 Subnet Mask: 255.255.255.0 This means the network range is 192.163.1.0 - 192.163.1.255. The broadcast address is 192.163.1.255. Hence, the device fails to communicate outside this subnet because it is trying to use a broadcast address as its gateway. The issue is clearly with the gateway configuration.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 352
Which of the following is the part of a disaster recovery (DR) plan that identifies the critical systems that should be recovered first after an incident?
A. RTO
B. SLA
C. MTBF
D. SIEM
Answer: A
Explanation:
RTO stands for Recovery Time Objective, which defines the maximum acceptable amount of time that a system, application, or function can be down after a failure or disaster. It helps prioritize which systems need to be recovered first based on their importance to business operations. SLA (Service Level Agreement) is a contract regarding expected performance and availability, but it does not dictate recovery order. SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) is a centralized tool for logging and alerting but is not relevant to DR recovery prioritization.

QUESTION 353
Which of the following routing protocols needs to have an autonomous system set in order to establish communication with neighbor devices?
A. OSPF
B. EIGRP
C. FHRP
D. RIP
Answer: B
Explanation:
EIGRP (Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol) is a Cisco proprietary advanced distance-vector routing protocol that requires AS numbers to be configured for routers to recognize each other as EIGRP neighbors. OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) does not require autonomous system numbers and routers must be in the same area to form adjacencies. RIP (Routing Information Protocol) does not use autonomous system numbers. FHRP (First Hop Redundancy Protocol) is not a routing protocol but a group of protocols (e.g., HSRP, VRRP) to ensure high availability at the default gateway.

QUESTION 354
A company reports that their facsimile machine no longer has a dial tone when trying to send a fax. The phone cable is damaged on one end. Which of the following types of connectors should a technician replace?
A. F-type
B. RJ45
C. SC
D. RJ11
Answer: D
Explanation:
Fax machines use analog phone lines, which are connected using RJ11 connectors. These are standard telephone service (POTS) lines. F-type is used for coaxial cables and cable modems. RJ45 is used for Ethernet network cables. SC (Subscriber Connector) is used for fiber optic connections, not analog telephone lines.

QUESTION 355
Which of the following is the best VPN to use for reducing data bandwidth requirements of the corporate network?
A. Split-tunnel
B. Site-to-site
C. Full-tunnel
D. GRE tunnel
Answer: A
Explanation:
A split-tunnel VPN allows a device to route some traffic through the VPN tunnel while sending other traffic (like general internet browsing) directly to the local corporate network. This reduces the load on the corporate gateway and reduces bandwidth usage at the corporate network. Full-tunnel VPNs route all traffic through the VPN, increasing bandwidth usage. GRE (Generic Routing Encapsulation) is a tunneling protocol that doesn't encrypt and doesn't reduce bandwidth usage by itself.

QUESTION 356
An ISP provided a company with a pre-configured modem and five public static IP addresses. Which of the following should the company's firewall require to access the public internet? (Select TWO.)
A. NTP server
B. Default gateway IP address
C. One static IP address
D. DNS server
E. DHCP server
Answer: BD
Explanation:
To access the internet using static IPs, the firewall (or router) must be configured correctly with: Default gateway: This is essential because it tells the firewall where to send outbound traffic destined for the internet. One static IP address: The firewall must be assigned one of the static IPs to communicate over the public internet.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 357
A help desk technician receives a report that users cannot access internet URLs. The technician performs ping tests and finds that sites fail when a URL is used but succeed when an IP is used. Which of the following tools should the technician utilize next?
A. tcpdump
B. nmap
C. tracert
D. dig
Answer: D
Explanation:
The issue is clearly related to DNS resolution, as IP-based connections succeed but domain name-based ones fail. dig (Domain Information Groper) is a DNS lookup tool used to troubleshoot DNS problems by querying name servers directly.

QUESTION 358
A company recently rearranged some users' workspaces and moved several users to previously unused workspaces. The network administrator receives a report that ALL of the users who were moved are having connectivity issues. Which of the following is the most likely reason?
A. Ports are error-disabled.
B. Ports have an incorrect native VLAN.
C. Ports are having an MDIX issue.
D. Ports are trunk ports.
Answer: B
Explanation:
The most likely cause is that the switch ports were previously configured for a different VLAN than the one the users' computers are on. If the native VLAN on the port doesn't match the end device's VLAN, communication fails.

QUESTION 359
During a recent security assessment, an assessor attempts to obtain user credentials by pretending to be from the organization's help desk. Which of the following attacks is the assessor using?
A. Social engineering
B. Shoulder surfing
C. Smishing
D. Tailgating
Answer: A
Explanation:
This is a classic example of social engineering, where an attacker manipulates individuals into giving up confidential information, such as credentials, by pretending to be someone trustworthy (like help desk staff).

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 360
Which of the following dynamic routing protocols is used on the internet?
A. EIGRP
B. BGP
C. RIP
D. OSPF
Answer: B
Explanation:
BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) is the only dynamic routing protocol used across the internet. It is classified as an Exterior Gateway Protocol (EGP), responsible for routing between different autonomous systems.

QUESTION 361
A user's desk has a workstation and an IP phone. The user is unable to browse the internet on the workstation, but the phone works. Which of the following configurations is required?
A. Voice VLAN
B. Native VLAN
C. Data VLAN
D. Trunk port
Answer: C
Explanation:
If the IP phone works but the workstation doesn't, it indicates that the Voice VLAN is functioning correctly, but the Data VLAN (C) is either misconfigured or missing. The workstation typically connects through the phone, which tags voice and data traffic separately using VLANs.

QUESTION 362
A network engineer is troubleshooting connectivity for a newly installed server on an existing VLAN. The engineer runs the following requested output:
C:\>ipconfig
IP Address: 192.168.100.225
Mask: 255.255.255.224
Gateway: 192.168.100.254

The engineer then logs into the router and runs the following:
Router# show ip route
Codes: L - local, C - connected, S - static, R - RIP derived, O - OSPF derived,
       B - BGP derived, * - candidate default route, IA - OSPF inter area routed,
       E1 - OSPF external type 1 route, E2 - OSPF external type 2 route,
       Gateway of last resort is not set
C    192.168.100.0/24 is directly connected, GigabitEthernet0/0/2

Which of the following describes the issue?
A. The server has an incorrect subnet mask
B. There is a duplicate IP address on the network
C. The DHCP address pool is exhausted
D. The router is missing a default route
Answer: A
Explanation:
The server's subnet mask is 255.255.255.224 (/27), which covers IPs from 192.168.100.224 to 192.168.100.255. However, the router only recognizes 192.168.100.0/24, indicating a mismatch between the server's subnet and the router's network. Correct mask for /24 is 255.255.255.0, allowing IPs from 192.168.100.0 to 192.168.100.255. This mismatch would result in routing issues, especially with the gateway outside the subnet range.

QUESTION 363
Which of the following could provide a lightweight and private connection to a remote box?
A. Site-to-site VPN
B. Telnet
C. Console
D. Secure Shell
Answer: D
Explanation:
Secure Shell (SSH) is a protocol used to securely access remote devices over an unsecured network. It provides encrypted command-line access and is a lightweight and secure method for remote administration.

QUESTION 364
A company discovers on video surveillance recordings that an unauthorized person installed a rogue access point in its secure facility. Which of the following allowed the unauthorized person to do this?
A. Evil twin
B. Honeypot
C. War driving
D. Tailgating
Answer: D
Explanation:
Tailgating is a physical security breach where someone follows an authorized person into a restricted area without proper credentials. Once inside, the attacker can install rogue devices like unauthorized APs.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 365
A network engineer is setting up a new VoIP network for a customer. The current network is in use in the new network. Which of the following does the engineer need to do to configure the network correctly? (Select two.)
A. Enable 802.1Q tagging
B. Change network translation definitions
C. Implement a routing protocol
D. Set up voice VLANs
E. Reconfigure the DNS
F. Place devices in the perimeter network
Answer: AD
Explanation:
To support VoIP on the same physical ports used by computers: Enable 802.1Q tagging: This standard supports voice and data traffic sharing the same ports using separate VLAN tagging. Set up voice VLANs: Separating voice into VLANs improves QoS and manageability.

QUESTION 366
A network technician receives a new ticket while working on another issue. The new ticket is critical to business operations. Which of the following documents should the technician reference to determine which ticket to complete first?
A. NDA
B. AUP
C. SLA
D. MOU
Answer: C
Explanation:
An SLA (Service Level Agreement) defines performance expectations, including response time, prioritization, and resolution time for services and support issues. It helps the technician determine which task has higher priority based on business impact.

QUESTION 367
A company is expanding to another floor in the same building. The network engineer configures a new switch with the existing stack VLANs; all users lose connectivity. When the network engineer connects the new switch to the existing stack, which of the following is the MOST likely reason?
A. The new switch has unused ports disabled
B. The new switch does not have a default gateway
C. The new switch is connected to a spanning tree loop port
D. The new switch is in a spanning tree loop
Answer: D
Explanation:
This describes a Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) loop. If STP is not correctly configured or a redundant link is added without STP protection, it causes broadcast storms and network outages.

QUESTION 368
Which of the following VPN types provides secure remote access to the network resources through a web portal?
A. Proxy
B. Clientless
C. Site-to-site
D. Direct connect
Answer: B
Explanation:
Clientless VPNs allow users to access network resources through a secure web portal using a browser, with no VPN software needed. This is ideal for occasional access to internal resources via HTTPS.

QUESTION 369
A technician is implementing a new SD-WAN device with a default configuration. The technician receives a URL via email and connects the new device to the internet to complete the installation. Which of the following is this an example of?
A. SASE device installation
B. Zero-touch provisioning
C. Infrastructure as code
D. Configuration management
Answer: B
Explanation:
This process describes Zero-touch provisioning (ZTP), where a device automatically pulls its configuration from a cloud controller or URL once connected to the internet. It's common in SD-WAN.

QUESTION 370
Which of the following typically uses compromised systems that become part of a bot network?
A. Evil twin attack
B. DDoS attack
C. Brute-force password attack
D. XML injection password attack
Answer: B
Explanation:
A DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attack is often launched from botnets  networks of compromised systems (bots or zombies) under the control of an attacker. These devices flood the target with traffic to disrupt services.

QUESTION 371
Which of the following would most likely be utilized to implement encryption in transit when using HTTPS?
A. SSH
B. TLS
C. RADIUS
D. SCADA
Answer: B
Explanation:
TLS (Transport Layer Security) is the protocol that provides encryption in transit for HTTPS. It encrypts data exchanged between the client (browser) and the web server, protecting it from interception or tampering.

QUESTION 372
A network administrator needs to deploy a subnet using an IP address range that can support 260 devices with the fewest wasted addresses. Which of the following should the administrator use?
A. 172.16.0.0/23
B. 172.25.2.0/24
C. 172.30.10.0/22
D. 172.33.0.0/22
Answer: B
Explanation:
To support at least 260 hosts, you need at least 512 total IP addresses (accounting for network/broadcast overhead). /23 (255.255.254.0) gives 510 usable IPs, ideal for 260 devices with minimal waste. /24 (255.255.255.0) gives 254 usable  not enough. /22 (255.255.252.0) gives 1022 usable  would work but results in significant address waste.

QUESTION 373
A network architect is implementing an off-premises computing facility and needs to ensure that operations will not be impacted by major outages. Which of the following should the architect consider?
A. Hot site
B. Direct Connect
C. DCI
D. Active-passive approach
Answer: A
Explanation:
A hot site is a fully operational backup facility with hardware, network, and data synchronization already in place. It allows immediate failover in the event of a disaster, minimizing downtime.

QUESTION 374
A network administrator wants to increase network security by preventing client devices from communicating directly with each other on the same subnet. Which of the following technologies should be implemented?
A. ACL
B. Trunking
C. Port security
D. Private VLAN
Answer: D
Explanation:
Private VLANs (PVLANs) are used to segment devices on the same subnet and switch so they cannot communicate with each other, while still accessing a shared resource like a router or gateway. This is often used in shared hosting or DMZ environments.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 375
A network administrator needs to create a way to redirect a network resource that has been hosted locally but is now hosted as a SaaS solution. Which of the following records should be used to accomplish the task?
A. TXT
B. PTR
C. CNAME
D. AAA
Answer: C
Explanation:
CNAME (Canonical Name) is used for aliasing one domain name to another, commonly to redirect to a SaaS provider's domain (e.g., app.saasprovider.com) while keeping the original hostname.

QUESTION 376
After a networking intern plugged in a switch, a significant number of users in a building lost connectivity. Which of the following is the most likely root cause?
A. STP update issue
B. Port security issue
C. LLDP misconfiguration
D. Native VLAN mismatch
Answer: D

QUESTION 377
Which of the following is the most cost-effective way for a network administrator to establish a persistent, secure connection between two facilities?
A. Site-to-site VPN
B. GRE tunnel
C. VXLAN
D. Dedicated line
Answer: A
Explanation:
A site-to-site VPN uses the public internet to create a secure and encrypted connection between two locations. It is persistent, scalable, and far more cost-effective than a dedicated line. GRE tunnel provides tunneling but lacks native encryption and is less secure unless combined with IPsec. VXLAN is used for extending Layer 2 networks over Layer 3, mainly in data centers, and is not cost-focused. A dedicated line is secure but expensive compared to VPNs.

QUESTION 378
A network administrator is unable to ping a remote server from a newly connected workstation that has been added to the network. The ping to 127.0.0.1 on the workstation is failing. Which of the following should the administrator perform to diagnose the problem?
A. Verify the network interface is not congested
B. Verify the NIC is not down
C. Verify that DNS is resolving packets
D. Verify that the router is not dropping packets
Answer: B
Explanation:
Failure to ping 127.0.0.1 indicates the local TCP/IP stack or interface isn't functioning. Verifying the NIC ensures the drivers and protocol stack are correctly installed and bound before testing external connectivity.


QUESTION 379
A network technician sets up a computer on the accounting department floor for a user from the marketing department. The user reports that they cannot access the marketing department's shared drives but can access the internet. Which of the following is the most likely cause?
A. Mismatched switchport duplex
B. Misconfigured gateway
C. Incorrect VLAN assignment
D. Incorrect SVI is assigned to the wrong IP address
Answer: C
Explanation:
If the user can access the internet but not department-specific resources, it's likely due to being placed in the wrong VLAN instead of the marketing VLAN. It won't have access to marketing's shared drives. Mismatched switchport duplex would cause performance issues, not specific access problems. Misconfigured gateway settings would likely also affect internet access. Incorrect SVI could affect routing, but the internet access working points to VLAN issue.

QUESTION 380
Which of the following will help prevent unauthorized modifications to hardware when designing an MDF closet? (Choose two.)
A. Lockable cabinets
B. Uninterruptible power supply
C. Port security
D. Asset tagging
Answer: A
Explanation:
Lockable cabinets are an effective physical security measure to prevent unauthorized access or modifications to hardware in an MDF (Main Distribution Frame) closet. By securing the equipment with locks, the administrator safeguards against tampering or unauthorized modifications.

Get Latest & Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com/
PLPassLeader
Leader in IT Certifications

QUESTION 381
After installing a new 6E wireless router in a small office, a technician notices that some wireless devices are not able to achieve the rated speeds. Which of the following should the technician check to troubleshoot the issue? (Choose two.)
A. Client device compatibility
B. Back-end cabling
C. Weather phenomena
D. Voltage source requirements
E. Interference levels
F. Processing power
Answer: AE
Explanation:
Client device compatibility: If some wireless devices are unable to achieve the rated speeds, the issue could be due to the client devices not supporting the higher speeds of the 6E router (such as in the 6 GHz band). Interference levels: Wireless signals can be affected by interference from other devices, physical obstructions, etc. The technician should assess whether interference is impacting the performance of the wireless network, particularly on the 6 GHz band, which may be more susceptible to interference.

QUESTION 382
Which of the following best represents north-south traffic?
A. A connection between a computer and a public web server
B. Data moving between a data center and a DR site
C. Traffic between a production server and a backup server
D. Routing updates between OSPF routers
Answer: A
Explanation:
North-south traffic refers to the data flow between internal network resources (such as servers or devices within a data center) and external resources, typically going from the internal network to the outside world or vice versa. A connection between a computer and a public web server represents this type of traffic, where data moves from an internal network (the computer) to an external network (the web server on the internet).

QUESTION 383
The network engineering team needs to implement a wireless network within two separated buildings. Once the network is set up, users will need to authenticate using RADIUS in order to access internal resources. Which of the following wireless technologies should the team implement?
A. Mesh
B. Enterprise
C. Ad hoc
D. Point to point
Answer: B
Explanation:
Enterprise wireless networks support robust security features such as RADIUS (Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service) for user authentication. This allows secure access to internal resources in environments where users need to authenticate with credentials. Additionally, enterprise access points spanning multiple buildings support more complex configurations, such as multiple SSIDs and stronger security.

QUESTION 384
A security administrator is looking for rogue servers on the network and would also like to determine what services are running on those servers. Which of the following software tools should the administrator use?
A. tracert
B. nmap
C. netstat
D. ping
Answer: B
Explanation:
nmap (Network Mapper) is a powerful tool used for network discovery and security auditing. It can be used to identify rogue servers on the network by scanning for live hosts and detecting which services (such as HTTP) are running on those servers. This makes it the most suitable tool for the administrator's need to find rogue servers and determine their services.

QUESTION 385
A network administrator needs to secure SNMP access with authentication and encryption. Which of the following should the administrator use?
A. SNMPv3
B. SNMP community string
C. SNMP access list group
D. SNMPv2c
Answer: A
Explanation:
SNMPv3 (Simple Network Management Protocol version 3) is the version that provides enhanced security features, including authentication and encryption. Unlike SNMPv1 and SNMPv2c, which use clear-text community strings and do not offer encryption, SNMPv3 ensures SNMP traffic is encrypted and that access is authenticated using username and passwords, protecting the integrity and confidentiality of management data.

QUESTION 386
A network technician is configuring the company's network 100Mbps port Layer 2 switches. The technician wants increased throughput between the uplinks. Which of the following should the technician connect?
A. Spanning Tree Protocol
B. Switch Virtual Interfaces
C. Native VLAN
D. Link Aggregation
Answer: D
Explanation:
Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) is used to prevent network loops in a Layer 2 network, especially when multiple redundant links are created. Link aggregation (e.g., LACP) combines multiple physical links between switches into one logical link to increase throughput and provide failover capabilities. STP allows for automatic failover while keeping the network topology loop-free and preventing broadcast storms in case one of the links goes down, ensuring loop-free stability.

QUESTION 387
Some of the 20 employees who use the wireless network report they are unable to access network resources even though the wireless network is available. An administrator recently made the following configuration changes to the wireless DHCP server:

Network: 192.168.100.0
Mask: 255.255.255.240
Gateway: 192.168.100.1

Which of the following is the cause of this issue?
A. Incorrect VLAN assignment
B. Incorrect ACL configuration
C. Incorrect subnet mask
D. Incorrect default gateway
Answer: C
Explanation:
The subnet mask 255.255.255.240 allows for only 14 usable host IP addresses per subnet (since 2 IP addresses are reserved for network and broadcast addresses), but the administrator has 20 users. With only 14 usable IPs, not enough addresses are available for all users to get a valid IP. To accommodate 20 devices, a subnet mask of 255.255.255.224 (which provides 30 usable IP addresses) should have been used instead.

QUESTION 388
Which of the following is the step a troubleshooter should take immediately after implementing a solution?
A. Review lessons learned during the process.
B. Establish a plan of action.
C. Verify full system functionality.
D. Document findings and outcomes.
Answer: C
Explanation:
After implementing a solution, the next immediate step is to verify full system functionality. This involves testing the system to ensure that the solution has resolved the issue and that all components are working as expected before moving on to documenting actions or reviewing lessons learned.

QUESTION 389
Which of the following is the OSI model layer that uses a connectionless protocol for packet delivery?
A. Physical
B. Network
C. Transport
D. Application
Answer: B
Explanation:
The Network layer (Layer 3) of the OSI model uses a connectionless protocol for packet delivery. The most common protocol at this layer is IP (Internet Protocol), which is connectionless. It sends packets between the sender and receiver without establishing a dedicated connection. Higher layers, such as the Transport layer, handle responsibilities like guaranteed delivery or error checking.

QUESTION 390
Which of the following are benefits of implementing MFA and SSO in an enterprise environment? (Choose two.)
A. Eliminating the number of password resets
B. Centralizing user account management activities
C. Adding an extra layer of security against compromised credentials
D. Reducing the overhead of security tokens
E. Leveraging threat feed access policies from external sources
Answer: BC
Explanation:
Centralizing user account management activities: SSO (Single Sign-On) allows users to authenticate once and access multiple applications. This simplifies the complexity of managing multiple user accounts for different systems. Adding an extra layer of security against compromised credentials: MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication) requires users to provide something they know (e.g., password) and something they have (e.g., token), making it harder for attackers to gain unauthorized access even if credentials are compromised.

QUESTION 391
Users report connectivity issues after a network switch is replaced. There are three separate subnets for users, voice, and servers. The users cannot reach the resources in the server subnet, but no users report issues making or receiving voice calls. Which of the following is most likely the issue?
A. Incorrect cable disabled
B. Port security disabled
C. VLAN misconfiguration
D. Duplex misconfiguration
Answer: C
Explanation:
Since users cannot reach resources in the server subnet and this occurred after a switch replacement, the most likely cause is a VLAN misconfiguration. The new switch is not properly configured to allow traffic between VLANs for users and servers. Voice calls are unaffected, suggesting QoS is working, but unnecessary traffic is being dropped due to VLAN tagging issues or misconfigured inter-VLAN routing.

QUESTION 392
A junior network administrator gets a text message from a number posing as the domain registrar of the firm. The message asks the administrator to provide global administrator credentials. Which of the following attacks is taking place?
A. DNS poisoning
B. ARP spoofing
C. Vishing
D. Smishing
Answer: D
Explanation:
Smishing is a type of social engineering attack that uses SMS (text messages) to trick individuals into providing sensitive information. In this case, the attacker uses a text message posing as the domain registrar to trick the network administrator into providing global administrator credentials. This is a classic example of smishing to exploit the victim's trust.

QUESTION 393
A network engineer wants to implement a secure solution that provides authentication and encryption to gather and monitor logs from the company network. Which of the following tools will accomplish this task?
A. Syslog
B. RADIUS
C. SNMPv3
D. API
Answer: C
Explanation:
SNMPv3 (Simple Network Management Protocol version 3) provides both authentication and encryption. Unlike earlier versions (SNMPv1 and SNMPv2), SNMPv3 includes security features that ensure data privacy through encryption and secure authentication, making it the best choice for securely gathering and monitoring logs.

QUESTION 394
A tourist attempts to access an online banking site on a mobile device while in a public place. Which of the following is the tourist most likely to experience?
A. Vishing
B. Tailgating
C. Shoulder surfing
D. Peripheral attack
Answer: C
Explanation:
Shoulder surfing occurs when someone attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information by observing the actions of someone else in a public place. In this scenario, a tourist accessing an online banking site on a mobile device in a public place could potentially have an attacker watch over their shoulder to see login credentials, often in crowded or sensitive public areas.

QUESTION 395
Which of the following is used to separate a corporate network into multiple logical networks?
A. Load balancer
B. VLAN
C. CDN
D. IPS
Answer: B
Explanation:
A VLAN (Virtual Local Area Network) is used to separate a corporate network into multiple logical networks, even if they are on the same physical hardware. This improves network management, security, and performance by isolating traffic between different segments of the network.

QUESTION 396
A network administrator needs to disable inbound and outbound Telnet traffic in the network. Which of the following ports should the administrator block?
A. 23
B. 80
C. 123
D. 443
Answer: A
Explanation:
Telnet uses port 23 for communication. To disable inbound and outbound Telnet traffic, the administrator should block port 23. This will prevent Telnet sessions from being established within or to the network.

QUESTION 397
Which of the following stages of the troubleshooting methodology involves considering multiple possible approaches?
A. Verify full functionality
B. Implement the solution and actions
C. Document the findings
D. Establish a theory of probable cause
Answer: D
Explanation:
The "Establish a theory of probable cause" stage of the troubleshooting methodology involves considering multiple possible causes of the issue. The goal is to brainstorm and analyze potential explanations for the problem based on the symptoms and then test these hypotheses to determine what might be causing the issue.

QUESTION 398
After a recent merger, a large number of alerts are coming in regarding extremely high utilization. Which of the following should be generated to help inform new alerting requirements?
A. SLA
B. Baseline
C. Network diagram
D. Heat map
Answer: B
Explanation:
A baseline is a collection of performance metrics gathered over time. By establishing a baseline, the network administrator can better understand "normal" traffic and utilization levels. After a merger, it is essential to understand the new normal for the combined network. This helps set appropriate thresholds for alerts, preventing unnecessary alerts and ensuring critical issues are highlighted effectively.

QUESTION 399
A network administrator deploys several new desk phones and workstation cubicles. Each cubicle has an assigned switchport with the following commands:
switchport mode access
switchport voice vlan 69

With which of the following VLANs will the workstation traffic be tagged?
A. Private VLAN
B. Voice VLAN
C. Native VLAN
D. Data VLAN
Answer: D
Explanation:
On an access port, non-voice (workstation) traffic is placed in the data VLAN (the port's access VLAN), while voice traffic (IP phone) is tagged with the voice VLAN (69 in this case). The native VLAN is untagged traffic, but here the workstation traffic is untagged and uses the access VLAN (data VLAN).

QUESTION 400
Which of the following is associated with risk avoidance, acceptance, mitigation, and transfer?
A. Risk
B. Exploit
C. Threat
D. Vulnerability
Answer: A
Explanation:
These terms describe risk response strategies used in risk management to handle identified risks.

QUESTION 401
Several users report poor performance when accessing shared drives on a file server named File01. Shortly thereafter, users report issues between File01 and another server named File02. Which of the following is most likely causing poor performance?
A. Port security
B. Speed/duplex mismatch
C. PoE power budget reduction
D. Beacon failure
Answer: B
Explanation:
A speed/duplex mismatch on the switch port leads to collisions and poor throughput. When the connections were swapped between File01 and File02, the mismatched port causes issues, and when the cables were swapped, the problem moved to the affected port.


QUESTION 402
A network technician is requesting a fiber patch cord with a connector that is round and twists to
install. Which of the following is the proper name of this connector type?
A. ST
B. BNC
C. SC
D. LC
Answer: A
Explanation:
The ST (Straight Tip) connector uses a round, bayonet-style twist lock mechanism for installation.
QUESTION 403
A data center administrator is evaluating the use of jumbo frames within a storage environment.
Which of the following describes the best reason to use jumbo frames in the storage
environment?
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
A. To reduce device overhead
B. To report on the current root switch in the STP
C. To improve routing convergence
D. To increase drive throughput
Answer: A
Explanation:
Jumbo frames carry more data per packet, reducing the total number of frames and associated
processing overhead, which boosts efficiency in a storage environment.
QUESTION 404
A network administrator needs to efficiently deploy 200 systems using RFC1918 addresses.
Which of the following networks should the administrator use?
A. 10.10.10.0/8
B. 192.168.1.0/24
C. 150.200.1.0/24
D. 254.169.0.0/24
Answer: C
Explanation:
The 192.168.1.0/24 network falls within the RFC1918 private address space and provides 254
usable addresses, efficiently covering 200 systems.
QUESTION 405
An administrator requests a certificate from the company's domain name. In order to prove
ownership of the domain, the certificate authority asks the administrator to create a specific DNS
record. Which of the following record types is required?
A. SOA
B. MX
C. NS
D. TXT
Answer: D
Explanation:
Certificate authorities use a DNS TXT record to verify domain ownership by checking for a specific
token you publish in your DNS.

QUESTION 406
A network administrator is configuring a wireless connection between two warehouses. Which of the following wireless network types would best accomplish this task?
A. Ad hoc
B. Infrastructure
C. Point-to-point
D. Mesh
Answer: C
Explanation:
A point-to-point wireless link creates a dedicated bridge between two locations, ideal for connecting separate warehouses.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
QUESTION 407
A network engineer is designing an internal network that needs to support both IPv4 and IPv6 routing. Which of the following routing protocols is capable of supporting both IPv4 and IPv6?
A. OSPFv3
B. RIPv2
C. BGP
D. EIGRP
Answer: D
Explanation:
EIGRP (Enhanced Interior Gateway Routing Protocol) is capable of supporting both IPv4 and IPv6 routing. It is an advanced distance-vector routing protocol that provides fast convergence, scalability, and efficient network utilization.
QUESTION 408
While conducting a network audit, an administrator notices the spanning tree root in VLAN 300 does not match the configuration baseline, which could cause network outages due to spanning tree update failures. Which of the following should the administrator do to restore consistency?
A. Change the designated port on the misconfigured switch to a root port.
B. Change the root port to a listening port on the misconfigured switch.
C. Change the blocked port of the misconfigured switch to a learning port.
D. Increase the bridge ID/priority on the misconfigured switch.
Answer: D
Explanation:
Raising the bridge priority on the misconfigured switch increases its bridge ID so it no longer wins the root election, restoring the intended root for VLAN 300.
QUESTION 409
A network administrator needs to connect a multimode fiber cable from the MDF to the server room. The administrator connects the cable to Switch 1 in a working port is successful, but there is no link light. The administrator tests the fiber and finds it does not have any issues. Swapping the connection to Switch 2 does not work. Which of the following should the administrator verify next?
A. Fiber length
B. Transceiver model
C. Connector type
D. Port speed
Answer: B
Explanation:
Since the cable and connectors work on another switch but won't link on Switch 2, the likely issue is an incompatible SFP module; you should verify that the transceiver in Switch 2 is the correct multimode model.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
QUESTION 410
Which of the following architecture types is most commonly associated with east-west traffic?
A. Colocated VMs
B. Hybrid cloud
C. Client-server
D. Hub and spoke
Answer: A
Explanation:
Colocated VMs communicate primarily with each other inside the data center, generating east-west traffic.
QUESTION 411
A company has been added to an unapproved list because of spam. The network administrator confirmed that a workstation was infected with malware. Which of the following processes did the administrator use to identify the root cause?
A. Traffic analysis
B. Baseline metrics
C. Availability monitoring
D. Network discovery
Answer: A
Explanation:
Traffic analysis pinpoints anomalous flows - such as excessive outbound spam - to identify the specific workstation infected with malware.
QUESTION 412
Which of the following actions happen during the first step of the troubleshooting methodology? (Choose two)
A. Question the obvious.
B. Divide and conquer.
C. Identify symptoms.
D. Establish a theory.
E. Use a top-to-bottom approach.
F. Question users.
Answer: C F
Explanation:
Identify symptoms  Gather and note the specific issues observed.
Question users  Interview affected users to understand what they're experiencing.1.9sFast

QUESTION 413
Which of the following cable types allows the use of QSFP ports without requiring transceivers?
A. Multimode
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
B. Twinaxial
C. RG11
D. Category 6
Answer: B
Explanation:
Twinaxial direct-attach copper cables include integrated transceivers, allowing them to plug directly into QSFP ports without separate modules.
QUESTION 414
A network administrator determines that some switch ports have more errors present than expected. The administrator traces the cabling associated with these ports. Which of the following would most likely be causing the errors?
A. Shielded conduit
B. Plenum spaces
C. Voltage transformers
D. Hydraulic lifts
Answer: C
Explanation:
High electromagnetic fields around voltage transformers induce interference on copper cables, leading to increased errors.
QUESTION 415
A network administrator is troubleshooting an issue with a user's IP address. Which of the following layers of the OSI model should be considered?
A. Data link
B. Network
C. Session
D. Presentation
Answer: B
Explanation:
IP addressing and routing are Layer 3 functions in the OSI model, so network-layer issues should be considered.
QUESTION 416
Which of the following will most likely allow a network administrator to work with current data after a disaster?
A. Review backup tapes
B. Recover from cloud storage
C. Fail over to a hot site
D. Restore from a snapshot
Answer: C
Explanation:
A hot site provides a fully configured, continuously replicated environment so you can immediately switch operations and access up-to-date data after a disaster.
QUESTION 417
A network technician is attempting to map networking devices. When logged in to the local switch, the technician uses LLDP. Which of the following should the technician perform to discover devices that are connected directly to the networking devices?
A. Reconfigure the management IP addresses of the networking devices on the same subnet.
B. Enable Spanning Tree Protocol to allow the switches on the network to be discovered.
C. Log in to each of the connected networking devices.
D. Upgrade the OS on the networking devices to the current version of LLDP.
Answer: C
Explanation:
LLDP only reports directly connected neighbors; to map the entire network you need to log in to each discovered device and run LLDP there to find further connections.
QUESTION 418
Which of the following can be used when a server at a remote site is physically unreachable?
A. OOB management
B. Crash cart
C. Jump box
D. Console
Answer: A
Explanation:
Out-of-band management (or modem) provides a separate management channel (often via a dedicated network or modem) that lets you access and control a server even if the primary network or physical access is unavailable.
QUESTION 419
Which of the following source control features allows an administrator to test a new configuration without changing the primary configuration?
A. Central repository
B. Conflict identification
C. Branching
D. Version control
Answer: C
Explanation:
Branching creates an isolated copy of the configuration so you can test changes without affecting the primary configuration.
QUESTION 420
A network engineer needs to change, update, and control APs remotely over HTTPS. Which of the following will best allow these actions?
A. Command line interface
B. Web interface
C. SNMP console
D. API gateway
Answer: D
Explanation:
An API gateway exposes a RESTful (or similar) interface over HTTPS, allowing programmatic push configuration changes, retrieve status, and control access points in real time. While a web interface also uses HTTPS, it's typically user-interactive (browser-based) and less suited to real-time automation. A command-line interface might be available via SSH, but that's not natively tunneled over HTTPS and doesn't provide the same modern programmability.
QUESTION 421
Which of the following is a location where a plenum cable is recommended?
A. Frequently traveled areas
B. Outdoor environments
C. Inside conduits
D. Airspaces above a ceiling
Answer: D
Explanation:
"Plenum" refers to the air-handling spaces in buildings - typically the space above a dropped ceiling or below a raised floor - and uses low-toxicity jacketing to reduce fumes if there's a fire. Frequently traveled areas may need rugged or protected cabling but not specifically plenum-rated. Outdoor environments demand weatherproof jacketing or UV-resistant cables. Inside conduits often allow regular cabling because the conduit provides fire containment.
QUESTION 422
Application software systems might no longer receive updates or security patches, and continuing to use the application software might expose the system to attacks. Which of the following best describes this scenario?
A. SLA
B. Licensing
C. SIEM
D. EOL
Answer: D
Explanation:
End of life indicates the vendor no longer provides updates or security patches, leaving the software vulnerable.

QUESTION 423
Which of the following technologies uses a VIP to provide gateway redundancy between two routers?
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
A. LACP
B. PAT
C. FHRP
D. BGP
Answer: C
Explanation:
First Hop Redundancy Protocols (such as HSRP / VRRP) use a virtual IP shared between routers to provide a redundant gateway.
QUESTION 424
Which of the following is the best way to reduce the likelihood of electrostatic discharge?
A. Uninterruptible power supply
B. Surge protector units
C. Power distribution
D. Temperature and humidity control
Answer: D
Explanation:
Proper temperature and humidity control increases ambient moisture, reducing static buildup and lowering the risk of electrostatic discharge.
QUESTION 425
Several of the following APs near the corporate headquarters are broadcasting similar SSIDs. Which of the following types of attacks is being described?
A. Evil twin
B. Wi-Fi jamming
C. On-path
D. Wardriving
Answer: A
Explanation:
An evil twin attack involves rogue access points broadcasting a network name identical or similar to a legitimate SSID to trick users into connecting.
QUESTION 426
A systems administrator installs multiple web servers and intends to use the First Hop Redundancy Protocol to control routing to them. Which of the following types of IP addresses should the administrator use to support this routing approach?
A. Virtual
B. Gateway
C. Static
D. Dynamic
Answer: A
Explanation:
First Hop Redundancy Protocols (FHRPs) like HSRP, VRRP, or GLBP use a virtual IP address shared among a group of routers, ensuring continuous availability even if the primary router fails. Hosts on the network use this virtual gateway. Gateway is a role, not an address type. Static and Dynamic refer to how IPs are assigned, not for redundancy purpose.
QUESTION 428
A network administrator is setting up a firewall to protect the organization's network from external threats. Which of the following should the administrator consider first when configuring the firewall?
A. Required ports, protocols, and services
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
B. Inclusion of a deny all rule
C. VPN access
D. Outbound access originating from customer-facing servers
Answer: A
Explanation:
Before creating any firewall rules, you must identify which ports, protocols, and services need to be allowed.
QUESTION 429
A company is installing network cables above the ceiling tiles and the cables must be fire-rated. Which of the following cable types should the company use?
A. Coaxial
B. Plenum
C. Crossover
D. STP
Answer: B
Explanation:
Plenum-rated cable is fire-rated and produces low smoke, making it suitable for installation in air-handling spaces (plenum areas).
QUESTION 430
A VoIP phone powers up, but it is unable to receive or place calls. After connecting to another switchport, the issue is resolved. Which of the following was most likely the issue with the previous port?
A. The port had a half-duplex configuration.
B. The port was in an err-disabled state.
C. The port had an incorrect VLAN assignment.
D. The port exceeded its PoE budget.
Answer: C
Explanation:
The phone received power but was on the wrong VLAN, preventing it from reaching the voice-VLAN DHCP/TFTP server needed to register and place calls.
QUESTION 431
A network administrator recently configured an autonomous wireless AP and performed a throughput test via speedtest.net, the results reached 75Mbps. When connected to other APs, the results reached 500Mbps. Which of the following is most likely the reason for this difference?
A. Channel width configuration
B. DNS server issues
C. Incorrect DHCP settings
D. Authentication failure
Answer: A
Explanation:
The autonomous AP was likely set to a narrow channel width (e.g., 20 MHz), capping throughput around 75 Mbps, whereas the other APs use wider channels (40/80 MHz) to achieve 500 Mbps.
QUESTION 432
Which of the following technologies is most appropriate for a business that requires high-speed access to frequently used web content, such as images and videos?
A. CDN
B. SAN
C. Firewall
D. Switch
Answer: A
Explanation:
A CDN caches and serves static web content from edge locations close to users, reducing latency and ensuring high-speed access to images and videos.
QUESTION 433
Which of the following should be included in an SLA?
A. Patches and bug fixes
B. Licensing
C. Inventory management
D. Stakeholders
Answer: A
Explanation:
SLAs define the services and support provided - such as scheduled patching and bug-fix releases - along with performance and availability commitments.
QUESTION 434
A network administrator thinks a change was made to mail servers at comptia.org. Which of the following should the administrator execute to verify the change?
A. ping www.comptia.org
B. dig comptia.org ANY
C. nslookup -type=mx comptia.org
D. tracert comptia.org
Answer: B
Explanation:
Using dig with ANY query retrieves all DNS records - including MX entries - so you can confirm any changes to the mail servers for comptia.org.3.2sFast

QUESTION 435
A server administrator deploys a new web server with an IP address 192.168.16.100. The security policy dictates that all non-secure connection methods should be blocked. Which of the following security rules will satisfy the request without prohibiting other traffic?
A. Deny 192.168.16.255.255.255.0 any
B. Deny 192.168.16.100 255.255.255.255 any
C. Permit any 192.168.16.100 255.255.255.80 any
D. Permit 192.168.16.100 255.255.255.255 any
Answer: C
Explanation:
Permit TCP port 80 specifically for 192.168.16.100 allows unencrypted HTTP while permitting all other traffic - including HTTPS - so secure connections remain allowed.
QUESTION 436
A network technician is installing a new switch that does not support STP to a network. Which of the following should the technician use at the access layer of a distribution switch?
A. Link aggregation
B. Subinterfaces
C. Switch virtual interfaces
D. Half-duplex connections
Answer: A
Explanation:
Link aggregation bundles multiple physical ports into one logical link, providing fault tolerance and increased bandwidth without creating spanning-tree loops on an STP-unsupported switch.
QUESTION 437
A newly opened retail shop uses a combination of new tablets, PCs, printers, and legacy card readers. Which of the following wireless encryption types is the most secure and compatible?
A. WPA3
B. WPA2/WPA3 mixed mode
C. WPA2
D. WPA/WPA2 mixed mode
Answer: B
Explanation:
WPA2/WPA3 mixed mode lets devices that support WPA3 connect with stronger encryption while still allowing legacy devices that only support WPA2 to connect.
QUESTION 438
A technician is implementing a new SD-WAN device with a default configuration. The technician receives a URL via email and connects the new device to the internet to complete the installation. Which of the following is this an example of?
A. Voice VLAN
B. Data VLAN
C. Native VLAN
D. Trunk port
Answer: C
Explanation:
The SD-WAN device used the default data VLAN (the unmarked user-data network) to reach the internet and pull its configuration.
QUESTION 439
Which of the following is the part of a DR plan that identifies the critical systems that should be recovered first after an incident?
A. RTO
B. MTBF
C. SLA
D. SIEM
Answer: A
Explanation:
The Recovery Time Objective specifies how quickly critical systems must be back online after an incident, effectively ranking them so those with the shortest RTOs are recovered first.
QUESTION 440
Which of the following would allow a network administrator to remotely access a secure subnet from a shared secure workstation?
A. Enable SSH through the firewall.
B. Dial in-band modem.
C. Connect to a jump host.
D. Configure a site-to-site VPN.
Answer: C
Explanation:
A jump host (bastion) provides a controlled intermediary that administrators use to securely access a protected subnet from a shared workstation.
QUESTION 441
Which of the following kinds of targeted attacks uses multiple computers or bots to request the same resource repeatedly?
A. On-path
B. DDoS
C. ARP spoofing
D. MAC flooding
Answer: B
Explanation:
A distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack leverages multiple systems to bombard a target resource with repeated requests and causing service disruption.
QUESTION 442
Which of the following is the most cost-effective way to safely expand outlet capacity in an IDF?
A. PDU
B. Surge protector
C. UPS
D. Power strip
Answer: A
Explanation:
A rack-mount PDU safely provides additional outlets for IDF equipment with proper load balancing and circuit protection, making it the most cost-effective solution.
QUESTION 443
A network administrator is creating a subnet that will include 45 separate hosts on a small private network. Which of the following is the most efficient use of network addresses when assigning this network?
A. 10.0.50.0/25
B. 10.7.142.128/27
C. 10.152.192.0/26
D. 10.192.164.0/28
Answer: C
Explanation:
A /26 offers 62 usable addresses - enough for 45 hosts - with the least address waste compared to the larger options.
QUESTION 444
A network technician is troubleshooting an issue between a web server and computers within a LAN. The technician needs to gather information about the IP addresses, protocols, and content of the traffic. Which of the following will best help the technician troubleshoot the issue?
A. Flow data
B. SNMP traps
C. Packet capture
D. Server logs
Answer: C
Explanation:
Packet capture records the actual traffic - including IP headers, protocol details, and payload content - enabling full analysis of what's being sent and received.
QUESTION 445
Which of the following OSI model layers can utilize a connectionless protocol for data transmission?
A. Physical
B. Network
C. Transport
D. Application
Answer: C
Explanation:
The transport layer supports connectionless communication using protocols like UDP, which send datagrams without establishing a session.
QUESTION 446
Which of the following layers in the OSI model is responsible for establishing, maintaining, and terminating connections between nodes?
A. Physical
B. Network
C. Session
D. Transport
Answer: C
Explanation:
The session layer manages the setup, coordination, and teardown of communication sessions between applications, handling connection control independently of the data transport.
QUESTION 447
Which of the following protocols is commonly associated with TCP port 443?
A. Telnet
B. SMTP
C. HTTPS
D. SNMP
Answer: C
Explanation:
HTTPS uses TCP port 443 to establish SSL/TLS-encrypted web sessions, securing HTTP traffic.
QUESTION 448
A network administrator needs to implement a solution to filter access to the internet. Which of the following should the administrator most likely implement?
A. Router
B. Cloud gateway
C. Proxy
D. Intrusion detection system
Answer: C
Explanation:
A proxy server intermediates web traffic and applies content and URL filtering policies, controlling which internet resources users can access.
QUESTION 449
A user in the finance department reports they cannot access the internet. Other finance department users are not having issues. A network administrator runs a route print command on the user's machine.
[IPv4 route table shown]
Which of the following is most likely the root cause of the issue?
A. The default route is missing.
B. The route metric value is incorrect.
C. The interface is pointing to the localhost with an incorrect subnet mask.
D. The default gateway is configured with an incorrect subnet mask.
Answer: A
Explanation:
There is no 0.0.0.0/0 entry in the routing table, so the workstation has no default route for Internet-bound traffic. Adding or correcting the default gateway route restores external connectivity.
QUESTION 450
After a networking plug-in a switch, a significant number of the users in a building lost connectivity. Which of the following is the most likely root cause?
A. VTP update
B. Port security issue
C. LLDP misconfiguration
D. Native VLAN mismatch
Answer: A
Explanation:
When the new switch joined the VTP domain with a higher configuration revision number, it overwrote the existing VLAN information and caused VLAN database inconsistencies across all switches.

QUESTION 451
A network administrator upgraded wireless access points and wants to implement a configuration that will give users higher speed and less channel overlap based on device compatibility. Which of the following will accomplish this goal?
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
A. 802.1X
B. MIMO
C. ESSID
D. Band steering
Answer: D
Explanation:
Band steering directs dual-band capable clients onto the 5 GHz band, which offers higher throughput and more non-overlapping channels, improving overall performance without manual client configuration.
QUESTION 452
A technician is deploying new networking hardware for company branch offices. The bridge priority must be properly set for the spanning tree protocol. Which of the following should the technician configure?
A. Bridge priority
B. Jumbo frames
C. Perimeter network
D. Port security
Answer: A
Explanation:
Bridge priority is a tunable STP parameter used to elect the root bridge. Adjusting bridge priority in Spanning Tree Protocol ensures the desired switch becomes the topology's root bridge.
QUESTION 453
Which of the following should a company implement in order to share a single IP address among all the employees in the office?
A. STP
B. BGP
C. PAT
D. VXLAN
Answer: C
Explanation:
Port Address Translation (PAT) allows multiple internal hosts to share a single external IP address by using unique source port numbers for each session, enabling employees to access external networks through one IP.
QUESTION 454
Which of the following is the greatest advantage of maintaining a cold DR site compared to other DR sites?
A. Redundancy
B. Availability
C. Security
D. Cost
Answer: D
Explanation:
A cold disaster recovery site incurs the lowest ongoing expenses because it requires minimal infrastructure and resources until it is activated, making it the most cost-effective option.
QUESTION 455
A network engineer needs to deploy an access point at a remote office so that it will not communicate back to the wireless LAN controller. Which of the following ESSID methods must the engineer use to accomplish this task?
A. ESSID
B. Lightweight
C. Autonomous
D. Ad hoc
Answer: C
Explanation:
An autonomous (or "fat") access point operates independently, handling all wireless functions locally without needing to tunnel control traffic to a centralized wireless LAN controller.
QUESTION 456
A technician wants to experiment with NAC in a wireless environment. Which of the following NAC techniques should be implemented for wireless networking if ease of implementation is the most important factor?
A. Port security
B. EAPOL
C. 802.1X
D. MAC filtering
Answer: D
Explanation:
MAC filtering is the simplest way to control wireless access, making it the easiest NAC method to implement in a wireless networking environment.
QUESTION 457
A junior network administrator is auditing the company network and notices incrementing input errors on a long-range microwave interface. Which of the following is the most likely reason for the errors?
A. The parabolic signal is misaligned
B. The omnidirectional signal is being jammed
C. The omnidirectional signal is not strong enough to receive properly
D. The parabolic signal uses improper routing protocols
Answer: A
Explanation:
Long-range microwave links rely on precisely aligned parabolic signal dishes; even slight misalignment causes signal strength degradation and causes precisely aligned parabolic signal dishes; even slight misalignment causes signal strength degradation and incrementing input errors.
QUESTION 458
A network administrator wants to update a geofencing policy to limit access to the corporate network based on location. Which of the following will the administrator most likely leverage?
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
A. MAC filtering
B. Administrative distance
C. Bluetooth beacon signals
D. IP address blocks
Answer: D
Explanation:
Geofencing at the network layer typically maps geographic regions to ranges of public IP addresses and then enforces access controls on those blocks, effectively limiting connectivity based on location.
QUESTION 459
Which of the following is used to store and deliver content to clients in a geographically distributed manner using edge servers?
A. Load balancer
B. CDN
C. DNS server
D. SAN
Answer: B
Explanation:
A Content Delivery Network caches and serves content from edge servers distributed across multiple geographic locations, reducing latency and offloading the origin server.
QUESTION 460
An organization is concerned about rogue devices connecting to the network and wants the network team to implement a solution. Which of the following types of filtering should the network team use to address this concern?
A. MAC
B. Content
C. URL
D. IP
Answer: A
Explanation:
MAC filtering controls network access by permitting or denying devices based on their unique hardware addresses, effectively blocking unauthorized (rogue) devices from connecting.
QUESTION 461
A network administrator is redesigning a wireless WPA2 network in which corporate and guest users share a single SSID that is configured with WPA2 PSK. Which of the following capabilities should be configured in order to improve security? (Choose two)
A. Wi-Fi Protected Access
B. New SSID for contractors
C. Password authentication
D. Wired Equivalent Privacy
E. Captive portal
F. Wi-Fi Protected Setup
Answer: B E
Explanation:
Creating a separate SSID for guests lets you apply different security policies (encryption level, VLAN assignment, firewall rules) to corporate and guest users, preventing guests from reaching internal resources. A captive portal provides guests with browser-based authentication and terms of use before granting non-corporate access, improving security.
QUESTION 462
A network administrator is migrating the existing phone system to VoIP. The vendor requires a separate voice network for the phones to function. Which of the following technologies should the administrator use to allow for this configuration?
A. VLAN
B. VXLAN
C. VPN
D. VPC
Answer: A
Explanation:
A Virtual LAN segments the network into separate broadcast domains on the same physical infrastructure, allowing you to isolate voice traffic on its own voice VLAN while using existing switches.

QUESTION 463
Computer A cannot reach Computer B in network A
[Diagram showing:
Computer A (IP address 172.16.10.5/16) connected via Eth1 to Switch A (G0/9 and G0/10 links to Switch B G0/9 and G0/10), Switch A G0/8 to Computer B (IP address 172.16.24.5/16) via Eth1.
Statuses shown:
G1/0/1 access vlan 1 status up
G1/0/9 access vlan 5 status admin down (on both switches?)
Similar for other ports]
Which of the following will resolve the issue?
A. Set link aggregation between Switch A and Switch B on G1/0/9 and G1/0/10.
B. Configure spanning tree on Switch A and Switch B.
C. Establish a trunk between Switch A and Switch B.
D. Put Computer A and Computer B in the same /24 subnet.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
Answer: C
Explanation:
Both PCs reside in VLAN 1, but the only live link between the switches (G1/0/9) is currently an access VLAN 8 port, but never trunked. Turning the inter-switch port(s) into a trunk (allowing VLAN 1 across) will carry the users' VLAN and restore end-to-end connectivity.
QUESTION 464
Which of the following most directly secures sensitive information on a network?
A. Data-in-transit encryption
B. Principle of least privilege
C. Role-based access controls
D. Multifactor authentication
Answer: A
Explanation:
Encrypting data as it moves across the network directly protects the confidentiality of sensitive information by preventing eavesdroppers from reading the contents in transit.
QUESTION 465
A user is used to reach a website and wants to verify IP information. Which of the following tools is used to resolve to the authoritative server and its FQDN?
A. ipconfig
B. arp
C. nslookup
D. ping
Answer: C
Explanation:
The nslookup tool queries DNS servers directly, showing the authoritative name server and resolving hostnames to their fully qualified domain names.

QUESTION 466
Users in one building on the campus network report very slow network access. A network technician logs in to the router to see if there are errors associated with traffic to and from that particular building. Which of the following commands will the technician most likely run?
A. show arp
B. show route
C. show ip interface
D. show interface
Answer: D
Explanation:
The show interface command displays detailed statistics for each router interface, including error counters (CRC, input/output errors, collisions), which are essential for diagnosing performance issues on links to that building.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
QUESTION 467
Which of the following is enforced through legislation?
A. AUP
B. GDPR
C. Code of conduct
D. EULA
Answer: B
Explanation:
The General Data Protection Regulation is a binding legal framework enacted by the EU and enforceable by law, unlike internal policies or contracts.
QUESTION 468
Which of the following actions should be taken as part of the first step of the troubleshooting methodology?
A. Conduct tests to verify ideas.
B. Handle multiple problems individually.
C. Create a theory about the possible root cause.
D. Use a top-down approach.
Answer: B
Explanation:
The very first step - identify the problem - involves isolating and defining exactly what's wrong before moving on. That means addressing each issue individually to avoid confusion and ensure you correctly diagnose the primary fault.
QUESTION 469
Extremely high temperatures cause a power outage, the servers automatically shut down, even though the UPSs for the servers still have hours of battery life. Which of the following is the technician recommended?
A. Include backup power for air-conditioning units
B. Configure door locks to automatically lock during power outages
C. Increase UPS battery thermostat
D. Add an IoT-enabled thermostat
Answer: A
Explanation:
Adding cooling systems powered during an outage prevents the data center temperature from rising to the point where the servers trigger an automatic shutdown, even though the UPS batteries remain charged.
QUESTION 470
While deploying a new fleet of computers on a DHCP network, a network administrator notices that new computers cannot connect to the internet. Which of the following is most likely the problem?
A. Incorrect default gateway
B. Address pool exhaustion
C. Duplicate IP address
D. Incorrect subnet mask
Answer: A
Explanation:
If DHCP is issuing IP addresses correctly but clients still can't reach external networks, the most likely culprit is a wrong or missing default gateway setting - clients have proper local connectivity but no route out to the internet.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
QUESTION 471
A network technician is designing a LAN for a new facility. The company is expecting more than 300 devices to connect to the network. Which of the following subnet masks will provide the most efficient use of address space?
A. 255.255.255.0
B. 255.255.192.0
C. 255.255.254.0
D. 255.255.255.128
Answer: C
Explanation:
255.255.254.0 (/23) provides 510 usable host addresses, which comfortably covers 300+ devices with minimal address waste compared to much larger masks (/16 or /18).
QUESTION 472
A network administrator received reports that a 40Gb connection is saturated. The only server the administrator can use for data collection in that location has a 10Gb connection to the network. Which of the following is the best method to use on the server to determine the source of the saturation?
A. Port mirroring
B. Link aggregation
C. Flow data
D. Packet capture
Answer: C
Explanation:
Exporting flow records (e.g., NetFlow/IPFIX) from the 40G switch lets you analyze traffic volume by source, destination, and application without requiring full-rate packet captures or mirroring - ideal when your analysis server is limited to a 10Gb link.

QUESTION 473
A technician is alarmed after noticing more than 5,000 CRCs on a switchport. Which of the following should the technician do next?
A. Move to a different switchport.
B. Check for errdisable.
C. Swap out the patch cable.
D. Enable class-of-service.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
Answer: C
Explanation:
CRC (Cyclic Redundancy Check) errors typically indicate physical layer problems such as damaged cables, faulty connectors. The most common fix is to replace the patch cable. Other steps like changing switchports or checking for errdisable are secondary if the problem persists after replacing the cable.
QUESTION 474
A network engineer runs ipconfig and notices that the default gateway is 0.0.0.0. Which of the following address types is in use?
A. APIPA
B. Multicast
C. Class C
D. Experimental
Answer: A
Explanation:
If a device shows a default gateway of 0.0.0.0, it typically means it has not received a proper IP configuration from a DHCP server. Instead, it assigns itself an APIPA (Automatic Private IP Addressing) address in the 169.254.0.0/16 range. APIPA does not assign a default gateway value.
QUESTION 475
A network administrator needs to deploy a new wireless solution at a customer site. All external users must provide credentials before being granted access to the wireless network. Which of the following methods best meet the requirements of this installation?
A. Adjust the bandwidth to be non-overlapping.
B. Set up lightweight access points.
C. Enable captive portal for the guest network.
D. Add a captive authentication.
Answer: C
Explanation:
Captive portal authentication (e.g., WPA2-Enterprise or WPA3-Enterprise) requires users to provide credentials  typically via RADIUS  before gaining access to the wireless network. This is the most secure method for controlling access based on individual credentials, especially in environments with external/guest users. A captive portal is usually used for guest access and may allow access with just a click-through or simple form.
QUESTION 476
A network engineer adds a tunnel for a new branch network. Which of the following ensures that all data is encrypted inside the tunnel?
A. ESP
B. GRE
C. SSH
D. IKE
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
Answer: A
Explanation:
ESP (Encapsulating Security Payload) is part of the IPsec protocol suite and is responsible for encrypting and authenticating the data within the tunnel. It ensures confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity of the data being transmitted. GRE provides tunneling but does not encrypt data, nor does it ensure confidentiality. IKE (Internet Key Exchange) is used to set up the IPsec tunnel, but ESP performs the actual data encryption.
QUESTION 477
Which of the following routing technologies uses an attribute list for path selection?
A. BGP
B. RIP
C. EIGRP
D. OSPF
Answer: A
Explanation:
BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) uses a series of path attributes (such as AS path, local preference, MED, etc.) to determine the best path for routing decisions. This attribute-based decision-making makes BGP distinct from protocols like:

RIP, which uses hop count
EIGRP, which uses a composite metric based on bandwidth and delay
OSPF, which uses cost based on link speed

QUESTION 478
A network administrator is configuring a subnet that needs to support 13 usable IP addresses. Which of the following subnet masks best meets this requirement?
A. 255.255.255.128
B. 255.255.255.192
C. 255.255.255.224
D. 255.255.255.240
Answer: D
Explanation:
The subnet mask 255.255.255.240 corresponds to a /28 subnet. A /28 provides 16 total IP addresses, of which 14 are usable (excluding the network and broadcast addresses). Since the requirement is 13 usable IPs, /28 fits perfectly.
QUESTION 479
Which of the following is the best device to use to provide security and filtering between a private network and a public network?
A. Switch
B. Firewall
C. Bridge
D. Gateway
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
Answer: B
Explanation:
A firewall is designed specifically to enforce security policies and filter traffic between different networks, such as a private internal network and a public external network (like the internet).
QUESTION 480
An employee has a new laptop and reports slow performance when using the wireless network. Switch firmware was updated the previous night. A network administrator logs in to the switch and reports the following statistics on the switch interface:
Received 98469 packets input, 161937 bytes, 0 no buffer
Received 1548 broadcasts, 0 runts, 0 giants, 0 throttles
11546 input errors, 5 CRC, 0 frame, 0 overrun, 0 ignored
0 input packets with dribble condition detected
0 output errors, 89920 collisions, 0 interface resets
0 output buffer failures, 0 output buffers swapped out
Which of the following is most likely the cause of the issue?
A. The patch cord from the wall jack is faulty
B. The switchport bandwidth needs to be increased
C. Multicast is not configured correctly on the switch
D. The NIC is set to half duplex on the switch
Answer: D
Explanation:
The switch interface shows 89,920 collisions, which is a strong indicator of a duplex mismatch. This typically occurs when one end of the connection (in this case, the NIC in the employee's laptop) is set to half duplex, while the switch port is operating in full duplex. In half duplex, devices must transmit serially over the line (to be clear before transmitting), which leads to collisions and degraded performance. Faulty patch cords often result in CRC errors or physical link problems, not high collisions. Multicast misconfiguration would affect group traffic, not cause collisions on a single port. So the most likely diagnosis is duplex mismatch.
QUESTION 481
Which of the following should an installer orient port-side exhaust when installing equipment?
A. The patch panel in the IDF
B. The front of the IDF
C. The warm aisle
D. The administrator console
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
Answer: C
Explanation:
Equipment that uses port-side exhaust (exhausts hot air from the same side as the ports) should be oriented so that the hot air is directed into the warm aisle. Data centers and IDFs are typically arranged in hot aisle/cold aisle configurations to manage airflow and cooling efficiently. The warm aisle is where hot air is expelled, allowing cooling systems to function effectively. Patch panels do not generate significant heat. The front of the IDF may be part of the cold aisle and is not the hot air exhaust location. Correct thermal orientation is crucial for preventing overheating.
QUESTION 482
Which of the following ports is a secure protocol?
A. 20
B. 23
C. 443
D. 445
Answer: C
Explanation:
Port 443 is used for HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure), which encrypts web traffic using SSL/TLS, making it a secure protocol.
Port 20 is used for FTP data transfer and is not secure.
Port 23 is used for Telnet, which transmits data in plaintext and is not secure.
Port 445 is used for SMB (Server Message Block), which transmits data in plaintext and is not inherently secure unless additional security layers are applied. Only port 443 provides secure, encrypted communication by default.
QUESTION 483
A detective is investigating an identity theft case in which the target had an RFID-protected payment card issued and compromised on the same day. The only place the target claims to have used the card was at the store where the payment camera can be seen when they pay. Which of the following best explains this social engineering technique?
A. Shoulder surfing
B. Vishing
C. Impersonation
D. Tailgating
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
Answer: A
Explanation:
Shoulder surfing involves observing someone's private information, such as PINs, passwords, or card details, over their shoulder or via surveillance  including video cameras  without their knowledge. In this case, the video camera at the RFID-protected payment process allowed the attacker to visually steal card information. Vishing involves phishing over the phone. Impersonation involves pretending to be someone else to gain access. Tailgating refers to unauthorized physical access by following someone into a secure area.
QUESTION 484
Which of the following can protect network equipment from voltage variations?
A. UPS
B. Power strips
C. MDF
D. PDU
Answer: A
Explanation:
A UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply) protects network equipment from voltage variations, such as surges, sags, and power outages. It provides battery backup and regulates power to ensure stable, clean electricity reaches the devices.
Power strips (B) do not provide surge suppression or regulation.
MDF (C) is Main Distribution Frame  a wiring infrastructure, no protection from voltage issues.
PDU (D) (Power Distribution Unit) distributes power but does not regulate or protect against voltage fluctuations unless it includes surge suppression (even then, not as comprehensive as a UPS).
Only a UPS actively protects against voltage variations.

Here is the extracted and cleaned text from the provided image/content block, formatted exactly as it appears in the original (preserving typos, incomplete sentences, cut-off explanations, shuffled wording, option formatting, page artifacts, and site links word-for-word):
QUESTION 485
Which of the following should a junior security administrator recommend implementing to mitigate malicious network activity?
A. IPS
B. Honeypot
C. SIEM
D. VPN
Answer: A
Explanation:
An IPS (Intrusion Prevention System) is designed to actively monitor, detect, and block malicious network activity in real time, making it an effective tool for mitigation.
Honeypot is used to attract and study attackers, not prevent them.
SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) aggregates and analyzes logs but does not directly prevent malicious activity.
VPN (Virtual Private Network) secures data in transit but does not detect or prevent malicious activity.
The IPS is the best option for mitigating malicious network activity.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
QUESTION 486
A company uses a solution to rotate the passwords that engineers use to connect to critical systems. Which of the following best describes this solution?
A. Network access control
B. TACACS+
C. Key management
D. Multifactor authentication
Answer: C
Explanation:
Key management involves the creation, distribution, rotation, and revocation of credentials such as passwords, encryption keys, and certificates. A solution that rotates passwords for critical access is performing a key management function.
Network access control (NAC) controls device access to a network, not password rotation.
TACACS+ is an authentication protocol used to validate users, not manage or rotate passwords.
Multifactor authentication (MFA) adds identity verification factors but does not rotate passwords.
QUESTION 487
Which of the following is the best way to keep devices on during a loss of power?
A. UPS
B. Power load
C. PDU
D. Voltage
Answer: A
Explanation:
A UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply) provides battery backup power during a loss of power, preventing shutdowns and data loss.
Power load refers to the amount of electrical power used, not a device or method.
PDU (Power Distribution Unit) distributes power but does not provide backup power during outages.
Voltage is the measure of electrical potential, not a solution for power loss.
QUESTION 488
A server administrator needs to add a record to the company's DNS server to verify ownership of a web domain. The administrator has the record's name and value. Which of the following record types should the administrator use to add the record to the DNS server?
A. TXT
B. A
C. PTR
D. CNAME
Answer: A
Explanation:
A TXT (Text) record is used in DNS to store arbitrary text, including information for domain ownership verification (such as those required by SSL certificate authorities, email validation (SPF, DKIM, DMARC), or other uses).
An A (Address) record maps a domain name to an IPv4 address.
PTR (Pointer) record maps an IP address (used in reverse DNS lookups).
CNAME (Canonical Name) record creates an alias to another domain name.
To verify domain ownership, the administrator should use a TXT record.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
QUESTION 489
A network technician is troubleshooting the connection to the company website. The tracert command produces the following output:
tracert www.mysite.com
1 10.1.1.1 <1 ms <1 ms <1 ms
2 * * * Request timed out.
3 * * * Request timed out.
...
Trace complete
Which of the following should the technician do to identify the path to the server?
A. Review the router's ACL
B. Execute netstat
C. Perform an nslookup
D. Enable LLDP
Answer: A
Explanation:
The tracert output shows that the first hop (10.1.1.1) responds, but subsequent hops show only asterisks (* * *), meaning no response was received from those hops. This typically occurs when routers in the path block ICMP "Time Exceeded" messages, which traceroute relies on. The most likely cause is a router's Access Control List (ACL) blocking ICMP traffic in the path. Reviewing the router's ACL is the appropriate next step to troubleshoot the traceroute issue.
netstat displays active connections and listening ports locally, not network path.
nslookup checks DNS resolution, not network path.
LLDP (Link Layer Discovery Protocol) is used in MPLS networks and not relevant here.
QUESTION 490
A major natural disaster strikes a company's headquarters, causing significant destruction and data loss. The company needs to quickly resume operations. Which of the following should the network administrator do first? (Choose two)
A. Conduct a damage assessment
B. Migrate to the cold site
C. Notify customers of the disaster
D. Establish a communication plan
Answer: A
Explanation:
The first step after a disaster is to assess the extent of the damage to systems, infrastructure, and data. This helps determine the next course of actionsuch as whether to failover to a backup site, begin recovery, or escalate further.
Migrating to the cold site comes after confirming the primary site is unusable.
Notifying customers is important but operational recovery comes first.
Establishing a communication plan should already exist in the disaster recovery plan and is not the first step post-disaster.
Damage assessment is essential to make informed decisions on recovery.
QUESTION 491
After installing a new wireless access point, an engineer tests the device and sees that it is not performing at rated speeds. Which of the following should the engineer do to troubleshoot the issue? (Choose two)
A. Ensure the bottleneck is not coming from other devices on the network
B. Install the latest firmware for the device
C. Create a new VLAN for the access point
D. Make sure the SSID is no longer 16 characters
E. Configure the AP in autonomous mode
F. Install a wireless LAN controller
Answer: A B
Explanation:
Network performance can be affected by congestion or bottlenecks elsewhere, even if the AP itself is functioning correctly. Updating to the latest firmware often resolves performance, compatibility, or bug fix issues.
Creating a new VLAN helps with segmentation but does not directly improve speed performance.
SSID length has no direct impact on speed.
Autonomous mode vs. controller-based depends on designswitching modes is not a direct fix for poor performance.
Best actions to troubleshoot poor wireless performance: check for network bottlenecks and update firmware.
QUESTION 492
After a recent corporate merger, a network administrator needs to build reference documentation on multivendor infrastructure. Which of the following protocols will provide the information?
A. ICMP
B. CDP
C. LLDP
D. SIP
Answer: C
Explanation:
LLDP (Link Layer Discovery Protocol) is a vendor-neutral protocol used to advertise identity, capabilities, and neighbors on a local network, making it ideal for documenting multivendor environments.
ICMP is used for network diagnostics (e.g., ping), not device discovery.
CDP (Cisco Discovery Protocol) is Cisco proprietary and not suitable for multivendor networks.
SIP is a signaling protocol used in VoIP, unrelated to infrastructure documentation.
LLDP is the correct choice for discovering and documenting multivendor network infrastructure.
QUESTION 493
Which of the following steps of the troubleshooting methodology is most likely to involve opening a ticket?
A. Verifying full system functionality
B. Establishing a theory of probable cause
C. Identifying the problem
D. Implementing the solution
Answer: C
Explanation:
Identifying the problem is the first step in the troubleshooting methodology and often involves communicating with the user who reported the issue to gather symptoms, context, and details of the problem. Opening a ticket typically occurs during problem identification.
QUESTION 494
A network administrator is hosting a local application on a Type 2 hypervisor, but the application can only be accessed from the host machine. Which of the following address types would the administrator most likely use to access the application?
A. Public
B. Loopback
C. Private
D. APIPA
Answer: B
Explanation:
When an application is hosted locally and accessible only from the host machine, it is typically accessed via the loopback address (127.0.0.1).
Public addresses are routable on the internet and would allow external accessnot applicable here.
Private addresses are for internal network communication but can be accessed by other devices on the same networknot just the host.
APIPA addresses (169.254.x.x) are automatically assigned when DHCP fails and are not used for intentional host-only access.
The administrator would most likely use the loopback address to access the local-only application.

QUESTION 495
A network connects two switches together and uses two connecting links. Which of the following configurations will prevent Layer 2 loops?
A. 802.1Q tagging
B. Full aggregation
C. Link aggregation
D. QoS
Answer: C
Explanation:
Link aggregation (e.g., LACP  Link Aggregation Control Protocol) combines multiple physical links into a single logical link. This prevents Layer 2 loops by treating the aggregated links as one logical connection, ensuring loop-free redundancy and increased bandwidth.
802.1Q tagging is for VLAN identification, not loop prevention. Full duplex affects data transmission mode, not topology loops. QoS (Quality of Service) prioritizes traffic types but does not address Layer 2 loops.
Link aggregation is the correct configuration to prevent Layer 2 loops when using multiple links between switches.
QUESTION 496
Which of the following remote connectivity methods is used when data and management traffic use the same network infrastructure?
A. In-band
B. Native VLAN
C. Full-tunnel
D. Site-to-site
Answer: A
Explanation:
In-band management means management traffic shares the same network as regular data traffic. This is common but can pose risks if not properly segmented.
Native VLAN is a VLAN configuration detail, not a remote connectivity method. Full-tunnel refers to VPN configurations where all traffic (including internet-bound) passes through the VPN. Site-to-site is a VPN type for connecting networks, not specifically about management traffic.
In-band is the correct term for using the same network for data and management.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
QUESTION 497
Which of the following steps of the troubleshooting methodology would most likely involve comparing current throughput against a baseline?
A. Implement the solution.
B. Verify full system functionality.
C. Document findings.
D. Test the theory.
Answer: B
Explanation:
Verifying full system functionality occurs after implementing a fix. This step ensures the solution resolved the issue and performance is back to expected levels. Comparing current throughput/performance against a baseline (validation testing) is part of this step to confirm everything is within normal operational parameters.
QUESTION 498
Which of the following uses the longest prefix match to determine an exit interface?
A. ARP table
B. MAC address table
C. Routing table
D. Netstat table
Answer: C
Explanation:
A routing table uses the longest prefix match (most specific subnet mask) to determine the best path and exit interface for forwarding IP packets.
ARP table maps IP addresses to MAC addresses for local forwarding, not route selection.
MAC address table is used by switches to forward frames based on MAC addresses.
Netstat table shows active connections and listening ports, not used for routing decisions.
Longest prefix match is a routing principle applied within the routing table.
QUESTION 499
A network administrator needs to securely connect to an Ubuntu server for management purposes. Which of the following protocols will most likely address this requirement?
A. HTTPS
B. SFTP
C. RDP
D. SSH
Answer: D
Explanation:
SSH (Secure Shell) is the standard and most secure protocol for remote command-line access and management of Linux-based systems, including Ubuntu servers.
HTTPS is used for secure web traffic, not direct server management.
SFTP runs over SSH but is used for secure file transfers, not server management.
RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol) is primarily for Windows systems.
SSH is the correct protocol for securely managing an Ubuntu server.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
QUESTION 500
Which of the following allows for interactive, secure remote management of a network infrastructure device?
A. SSH
B. VNC
C. RDP
D. SNMP
Answer: A
Explanation:
SSH (Secure Shell) provides interactive, secure remote command-line access to network devices (e.g., switches, routers, firewalls). It is widely used for remote management in network infrastructure.
VNC provides graphical remote access but is not typically used for network devices.
RDP is used for GUI-based access to Windows systems, not for network devices.
SNMP is used for monitoring and managing network devices, not for interactive sessions.
SSH is the best choice for interactive and secure remote management of network infrastructure.
QUESTION 501
After a recent security awareness phishing campaign, the cybersecurity team discovers that additional security measures need to be set up to prevent users from accessing potentially malicious websites. Which of the following best addresses this concern?
A. Implement DNS filtering
B. Update ACLs to only allow HTTPS
C. Configure new IPS hardware
D. Deploy 802.1X security features
Answer: A
Explanation:
DNS filtering blocks access to malicious domains by preventing DNS resolution of known bad sites, stopping users from reaching phishing/malware sites even if they click on harmful links.
Updating ACLs to only allow HTTPS does not stop phishing (malicious HTTPS sites still resolve).
IPS (Intrusion Prevention System) helps with network-level threats but may not directly prevent web-based phishing/port-level filtering.
802.1X controls network access at the port level, not web filtering.
DNS filtering is the most effective and targeted measure to prevent access to malicious websites.
QUESTION 502
During a security audit, a consulting firm notices inconsistencies between the documentation and the environment. Which of the following can keep a record of who made the changes and what the changes are?
A. Network access control
B. Configuration monitoring
C. Zero Trust
D. Syslog
Answer: B
Explanation:
Configuration monitoring and management tools (often part of network management systems) maintain version-controlled records of device configurations, track changes, and log who made them. This provides accountability and supports compliance audits.
QUESTION 503
Which of the following describes a malicious application that takes advantage of a software flaw?
A. Risk
B. Vulnerability
C. Exploit
D. Threat
Answer: C
Explanation:
An exploit is a malicious application or code that takes advantage of a vulnerability (a flaw or weakness) in software to perform unauthorized actions or cause harm.
Risk is the potential for loss or damage.
Vulnerability is the flaw or weakness that could be exploited.
Threat is the potential attack or event that abuses the vulnerability.
The exploit is the actual attack mechanism that abuses the vulnerability.
QUESTION 504
Which of the following allows a standard user to log in to multiple resources with one account?
A. RADIUS
B. MFA
C. TACACS+
D. SSO
Answer: D
Explanation:
SSO (Single Sign-On) allows a user to authenticate once and gain access to multiple systems or applications without needing to log in again for each resource.
RADIUS is a centralized authentication protocol but does not inherently provide single sign-on.
MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication) adds additional identity verification factors but does not consolidate logins.
TACACS+ is an authentication protocol used primarily for network devices, not for consolidating logins across applications.
SSO is the correct choice for enabling access to multiple resources with one account login.
QUESTION 505
Which of the following describes the capability of a cloud service to adjust resources on demand?
A. Elasticity
B. Multitenancy
C. Containers
D. Scalability
Answer: A
Explanation:
Elasticity refers to the automatic adjustment of resources on demand (such as compute, memory, or storage) up or down based on load, ensuring efficient resource utilization and cost control.
Multitenancy allows multiple customers to share the same infrastructure securely.
Containers package applications and their dependencies, but they don't inherently adjust resources.
Scalability refers to the ability to grow (manually or automatically), but elasticity specifically describes automatic on-demand adjustment in cloud environments.
QUESTION 506
A company's Chief Information Security Officer requires that servers and firewalls have accurate time stamps for log correlation during investigations. Which of the following should be implemented?
A. Syslog
B. NTP
C. SMTP
D. SNMP
Answer: B
Explanation:
NTP (Network Time Protocol) is used to synchronize the clocks of network devices, such as servers and firewalls, ensuring accurate and consistent timestamps. This is essential for log correlation during security investigations.
Syslog collects logs but does not sync time.
SMTP is for email transmission and unrelated to time synchronization.
SNMP is used for monitoring and managing network devices, not for time sync.
NTP ensures accurate and consistent timestamps, which is critical for log analysis and incident response.

QUESTION 507
Which of the following connector types is most commonly associated with Wi-Fi?
A. BNC
B. SFP
C. MPO
D. RJ45
Answer: A
Explanation:
BNC (Bayonet Neill-Concelman) connectors are commonly used with RF (radio frequency) connections in wireless networks, especially for Wi-Fi antennas.
SFP is used for fiber or Ethernet modules in switches and routers. MPO is a multi-fiber connector for high-density fiber-optic cabling. RJ45 is used for Ethernet cabling, not Wi-Fi antennas.
BNC is the connector type most commonly associated with Wi-Fi antennas.
QUESTION 508
A user recently connected a new computer to the LAN. The user is unable to ping the default gateway. The technician examines the configuration and sees a self-assigned IP address. Which of the following is the most likely cause?
A. The DHCP server is not available
B. An RFC1918 address is being used
C. The TCP/IP stack is disabled
D. A static IP is assigned
Answer: A
Explanation:
A self-assigned IP address (typically in the 169.254.x.x range, also known as an APIPA address) indicates that the computer attempted to obtain an IP address via DHCP but did not receive a response.
If an RFC1918 address (like 192.168.x.x or 10.x.x.x) was assigned, the system would have proper IP and network functionality. A static IP would not self-assign via APIPA at all.
The most likely cause is that the DHCP server is unavailable.
QUESTION 509
A network technician is attempting to harden a commercial switch that was recently purchased. Which of the following hardening techniques best mitigates the use of publicly available information?
A. Changing the default password
B. Blocking inbound SSH
C. Removing the gateway from the network configuration
D. Restricting physical access to the switch
Answer: A
Explanation:
Changing the default password is one of the most effective and essential hardening steps, as default credentials are widely and publicly available. Leaving them unchanged poses a major security risk.
Blocking inbound SSH might limit remote access but does not specifically address default/public credential risks. Removing the gateway may affect network connectivity but does not harden against credential attacks. Restricting physical access is important, but it doesnt mitigate risks from publicly known login credentials.
QUESTION 510
A new backup system takes too long to copy files to the NAS and the devices to decrease backup times. A network administrator makes a simple change to the network and the devices. Which of the following does the network administrator change?
A. QoS
B. SDN
C. MTU
D. VXLAN
E. TTL
Answer: C
Explanation:
MTU (Maximum Transmission Unit) defines the largest packet size that can be sent over the network without fragmentation. Increasing the MTU allows larger packets (e.g., jumbo frames) to reduce overhead and improve backup transfer speeds.
QoS prioritizes traffic types but doesnt improve file transfer speed directly. SDN (Software-Defined Networking) is an architectural approach for network virtualization, not backup performance. VXLAN is used for overlay networks. TTL (Time To Live) limits packet lifespan but doesnt affect transfer speed.
Changing the MTU can significantly decrease backup times by enabling more efficient data transmission.
QUESTION 511
Users are experiencing significant lag while connecting to a cloud-based application during peak hours. An analysis shows that only a few users are using the application at any given time. Which of the following is the most cost-effective solution for this issue?
A. Limit the number of users who can access the application
B. Lease a Direct Connect to the cloud service provider
C. Implement QoS to prioritize application traffic
D. Use a CDN to service the application
Answer: C
Explanation:
QoS (Quality of Service) allows the network administrator to prioritize critical traffic  such as the cloud-based application  over less essential traffic. This ensures that even during high bandwidth usage, essential application traffic maintains acceptable performance.
Limiting users is restrictive and does not address the root cause. Leasing a Direct Connect (or dedicated line) is effective but expensive and not cost-effective for most use cases. A CDN (Content Delivery Network) improves performance for static content, not dynamic cloud applications with congestion issues.
Implementing QoS is the most cost-effective way to reduce lag for prioritized application traffic during congestion.
QUESTION 512
In a company, users report that after walking from one room to another, network connectivity is lost. The SSID is available, but the users have to manually reconnect every time they change rooms. Which of the following is most likely the cause of this issue?
A. Each room has wireless interference
B. There is poor wireless coverage
C. MAC filtering is applied in the WLAN
D. Roaming configuration is disabled
Answer: D
Explanation:
Roaming configuration allows wireless clients to seamlessly switch between access points (APs) without manual reconnection when moving through different coverage areas. If roaming is disabled or not optimized, the SSID remains visible but requires manual reconnection despite changing rooms.
Wireless interference might cause weak signal or dropped packets, but not require manual reconnection. Poor coverage would prevent SSID visibility or cause complete signal loss. MAC filtering restricts access by device MAC address, not by room or roaming behavior.
The described behavior points to roaming configuration being disabled.
QUESTION 513
A network administrator needs to monitor data from recently installed firewalls in multiple locations. Which of the following solutions would best meet the administrators needs?
A. IDS
B. IPS
C. SIEM
D. SNMPv2
Answer: C
Explanation:
A SIEM (Security Information and Event Management) system collects, aggregates, analyzes, and displays log data from multiple sources  like firewalls in different locations  for centralized monitoring and correlation.
IDS detects malicious activity but is not used for centralized log monitoring. IPS prevents attacks and is not for monitoring event logs. SNMPv2 is used for monitoring device status and performance, not security event analysis or log correlation.
SIEM is the ideal solution for monitoring data from firewalls in multiple locations.
QUESTION 514
Which of the following is an example of a split-tunnel VPN?
A. Only corporate resources are accessed through the VPN tunnel
B. Only public resources are accessed through the users internet connection
C. Encrypted and public resources are accessed through separate tunnels
D. ACLs are used to balance network traffic through different connections
Answer: A
Explanation:
A split-tunnel VPN sends only corporate/private traffic through the VPN tunnel, while public/non-corporate traffic goes out directly over the users normal internet connection.
QUESTION 515
A companys VoIP phone connection is cutting in and out. A senior network engineer is recommending the implementation of a voice VLAN. Which of the following should be configured?
A. 802.1Q tagging
B. Jumbo frames
C. Native VLAN
D. Link aggregation
Answer: A
Explanation:
A voice VLAN relies on IEEE 802.1Q to tag traffic with its own VLAN ID, letting switches differentiate and prioritize VoIP packets from data traffic. This segmentation reduces contention and stabilizes call quality.
QUESTION 516
During a VoIP call, a user notices inconsistent audio and logs an incident ticket. A network administrator notices inconsistent arrival of the RTP packets. Which of the following troubleshooting tools should the network administrator use to determine the issue?
A. Toner and probe
B. Protocol analyzer
C. Cable tester
D. Spectrum analyzer
Answer: B
Explanation:
A protocol analyzer (e.g., Wireshark) captures and timestamps RTP packets so you can see delay variation (jitter), loss, sequence issues that cause choppy VoIP audio.
QUESTION 517
An administrator needs to configure an IoT device with a /21 subnet mask, but the device will only accept dotted decimal notation. Which of the following subnet masks should the administrator use?
A. 255.255.224.0
B. 255.255.240.0
C. 255.255.248.0
D. 255.255.252.0
Answer: C
Explanation:
A /21 mask uses 21 network bits; in dotted decimal that is 255.255.248.0 (the third octet has five 1s: 11111000 = 248).

QUESTION 518
Which of the following tools uses ICMP to help determine whether a network host is reachable?
A. tcpdump
B. netstat
C. nslookup
D. ping
Answer: D
Explanation:
ping sends ICMP Echo Request packets and listens for Echo Replies to confirm a host is reachable and measure round-trip time.
QUESTION 519
Which of the following, in addition to a password, can be asked of a user for MFA?
A. PIN
B. Favorite color
C. Hard token
D. Mother's maiden name
Answer: C
Explanation:
MFA needs a different factor than the password (knowledge). A hard token is a possession factor, providing the required second factor.
QUESTION 520
A government entity wants to implement technology that can block websites based on country code. Which of the following will best enable this requirement?
A. URL filtering
B. Content filtering
C. MAC poisoning
D. DNS filtering
Answer: A
Explanation:
URL filtering can evaluate domain names, including country-code TLDs, and block requests from specified countries, enforcing geographic-based website restrictions.
QUESTION 521
A network administrator needs to create a way to redirect a network resource that has been on the local network but is now hosted as a SaaS solution. Which of the following records should be used to accomplish the task?
A. TXT
B. CNAME
C. AAA
D. PTR
Answer: B
Explanation:
A CNAME record creates an alias from the old internal hostname to the new SaaS hostname, seamlessly redirecting users without changing the original name they access.
QUESTION 522
A network engineer configures an application server so that it automatically adjusts resource allocation as demand changes. This server will host a new application where demand is not predictable. Which of the following concepts does this scenario demonstrate?
A. Scalability
B. Software as a service
C. Hybrid cloud
D. Elasticity
Answer: D
Explanation:
Elasticity is the cloud capability to automatically add or remove resources in real time based on demand, which fits an application server that adjusts allocation as load fluctuates unpredictably.
QUESTION 523
An escalated ticket regarding failed logins on a laptop. The user states that the time displayed on the laptop is incorrect. An administrator thinks the issue is related to the NTP. Which of the following should the administrator do next?
A. Create a plan of action.
B. Implement the problem.
C. Identify the problem.
D. Test the theory.
Answer: D
Explanation:
Verify the hypothesis  i.e., test the theory (NTP time mismatch). The next troubleshooting step is to test the theory before planning or implementing a fix.
QUESTION 524
Which of the following objectives does an evil twin achieve?
A. DNS poisoning
B. Login credentials
C. ARP spoofing
D. Denial of service
Answer: B
Explanation:
An evil twin is a rogue wireless access point set up to mimic a legitimate one, tricking users into connecting and capturing their login credentials during authentication.
QUESTION 525
Which of the following server types is responsible for IP address management for clients?
A. NTP
B. FTP
C. DHCP
D. LDAP
Answer: C
Explanation:
A DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) server automatically assigns and manages IP addresses for network clients.
QUESTION 526
Clients report that phones are down. The network technicians determine the phones display the message "Searching for service." Which of the following should the technicians check first?
A. PoE statistics on the switch
B. DHCP options on switchports
C. Data VLANs on switchports
D. Default gateway on the switch
Answer: A
Explanation:
Since the phones are down and display "Searching for service," technicians should first check PoE (Power over Ethernet) statistics on the switch to confirm the phones are receiving power.
QUESTION 527
Which of the following physical installation factors would be the most important when a network switch is installed in a sealed enclosure?
A. Fire suppression
B. Power budget
C. Humidity
D. Temperature
Answer: D
Explanation:
Temperature is the most important factor when installing a network switch in a sealed enclosure, as heat buildup can lead to equipment failure without adequate ventilation or cooling.
QUESTION 528
A network engineer is installing new PoE wireless APs. The first five APs deploy successfully, but the sixth one fails to start. Which of the following should the engineer investigate first?
A. Signal strength
B. Duplex mismatch
C. Power budget
D. CRC
Answer: C
Explanation:
The engineer should first investigate the power budget, as PoE switches have a maximum power capacity, and exceeding it prevents additional devices from receiving power.
QUESTION 529
A network technician is working on a PC with a faulty NIC. The host is connected to a switch with secured ports. After testing the connection and using a known good NIC, the host is still unable to connect. Which of the following is causing the connection issue?
A. MAC address of the new card
B. BPDU guard settings
C. Link aggregation settings
D. PoE over power budget
Answer: A
Explanation:
Switch ports secured with features like port security often allow only specific MAC addresses. Installing a new NIC changes the MAC address, which can prevent the host from connecting if the port is locked to the old MAC.
QUESTION 530
A network engineer added more APs to improve wireless coverage. However, users report that the connectivity disconnects and reconnects repeatedly. Which of the following is causing the issue?
A. Throughput capacity
B. Roaming misconfiguration
C. Channel overlap
D. Packet loss
Answer: C
Explanation:
Adding more APs without proper channel planning can cause channel overlap, resulting in interference that leads to frequent disconnects and reconnects for users.
QUESTION 531
A network administrator is creating a copy of network traffic for later analysis. The flow of traffic should not be changed. Which of the following will most directly accomplish this task?
A. SPAN port
B. Network tap
C. Protocol analyzer
D. Link aggregation
Answer: B
Explanation:
A network tap creates an exact copy of network traffic for analysis without altering the original traffic flow.
QUESTION 532
Which of the following will a router prioritize first in the route selection process?
A. Prefix length
B. Metric
C. Administrative distance
D. Default route
Answer: A
Explanation:
In the route selection process, a router first prioritizes the route with the longest prefix length, as it represents the most specific match for a destination address.
QUESTION 533
Which of the following indicates a computer has reached end-of-support?
A. The computer does not have any users
B. The antivirus protection is expired
C. The operating system license is expired
D. No more patches or bug fixes are available indefinitely
Answer: D
Explanation:
A system has reached end-of-support when the vendor no longer provides patches, updates, or bug fixes. This significantly increases the risk of security vulnerabilities and is a major operational concern.
QUESTION 534
A network engineer receives a new router for use in WAN connectivity. Which of the following best describes the layer the network engineer should connect the new router to?
A. Access
B. Core
C. Leaf
D. Spine
Answer: C
Explanation:
In a spine-leaf architecture, endpoints (including servers, firewalls, and WAN routers) connect to leaf switches. Leaf switches then uplink to spine switches; spine/edge routers do not have direct connections to the leaf  often specifically to a "border leaf" that handles external connectivity.
QUESTION 535
A customer wants to cache commonly used content to reduce full page downloads. Which of the following should the network administrator recommend?
A. Proxy server
B. Load balancer
C. Open relay
D. Code repository
Answer: A
Explanation:
A proxy server (specifically a caching HTTP/HTTPS proxy) stores frequently accessed web objects and serves them locally to clients, reducing external bandwidth consumption and response times.
QUESTION 536
Which of the following types of attacks is most likely to occur after an attacker sets up an evil twin?
A. On-path
B. DDoS
C. ARP spoofing
D. Phishing
Answer: A
Explanation:
An evil twin is a malicious wireless access point that impersonates a legitimate SSID. Once victims connect, the attacker can intercept and manipulate traffic (on-path/man-in-the-middle attack)  capturing credentials, injecting content, or downgrading encryption.
QUESTION 537
Which of the following connection methods allows a network engineer to automate configuration for network devices across the environment?
A. RDP
B. Telnet
C. SSH
D. GUI
Answer: C
Explanation:
SSH provides secure, scriptable remote access used by automation/orchestration tools (e.g., leveraging NETCONF over SSH, Ansible modules) to push configurations at scale.

QUESTION 538
Which of the following would most likely be used to implement encryption in transit when using HTTPS?
A. SSH
B. TLS
C. SCADA
D. RADIUS
Answer: B
Explanation:
HTTPS is HTTP encapsulated in TLS (the successor to SSL), which provides confidentiality, integrity, and server authentication for web traffic.
QUESTION 539
A network architect of a stock exchange broker is implementing a disaster recovery (DR) high-availability plan. Which of the following would be the best fit?
A. Warm site
B. Active-active
C. Full mesh
D. In-band
Answer: B
Explanation:
In financial institutions such as stock exchanges, downtime or latency can have severe consequences. Active-active high availability ensures multiple sites/systems can run simultaneously, distributing the load and providing immediate failover with minimal or no interruption. This is best for environments that require continuous uptime and resiliency.
QUESTION 540
An attacker gained access to the hosts file on an endpoint and modified it. Now, a user is redirected from the company's home page to a fraudulent website. Which of the following most likely happened?
A. DNS spoofing
B. Phishing
C. VLAN hopping
D. ARP poisoning
Answer: A
Explanation:
When the hosts file is altered, local name resolution is compromised, and domain queries are redirected to malicious IP addresses. This is a form of DNS spoofing/poisoning, where false resolutions trick users into visiting fraudulent websites.
QUESTION 541
Which of the following attacks forces a switch to send all traffic out of all ports?
A. ARP poisoning
B. Evil twin
C. MAC flooding
D. DNS spoofing
Answer: C
Explanation:
MAC flooding overwhelms a switch's CAM (Content Addressable Memory) table by sending spoofed MAC addresses. Once the CAM table overflows, the switch cannot determine legitimate MAC addresses and defaults to sending all traffic out of all ports (acting like a hub). This allows an attacker to capture traffic not originally destined for their port.
QUESTION 542
Which of the following devices functions mainly at the data link layer of the OSI model and is used to connect a fiber-optic cable to a network interface?
A. SC
B. DAC
C. SFP transceiver
D. Twinaxial cable
Answer: C
Explanation:
An SFP (Small Form-factor Pluggable) transceiver is a modular device that provides the interface between fiber-optic or copper cabling and the networking equipment (e.g., switch/router), converting optical or electrical signals into frames usable by the network device at Layer 2 (Data Link).
QUESTION 543
A network administrator deploys new network hardware. While configuring the network monitoring of the hardware, the SNMP queries are returning "No Such Name" errors. Which of the following would the administrator most likely do to resolve the issue?
A. Use the public community string
B. Import the appropriate MIB
C. Set up a switchport analyzer and forward traffic
D. Configure SNMPv3 privacy
Answer: B
Explanation:
The Management Information Base (MIB) defines variables and objects that SNMP can query but cannot interpret the data if the correct MIB is missing. Importing the proper MIB allows the monitoring system to correctly display device status and metrics.
QUESTION 544
Two network switches at different locations are connected via fiber-optic cable at a distance of 10 miles (16 km). The duplex fiber-optic patch cord between the patch panel and switch is broken. The link lights are still on at both ends of all ports. Which of the following actions should the technician perform first?
A. Replace the fiber-optic transceiver in the switch
B. Transpose the fiber-optic patch cord
C. Swap the single-mode fiber patch cord with a multimode fiber patch cord
Answer: B
Explanation:
Fiber connections require Tx on one end to connect to Rx on the other. If the patch cord is reversed (transposed) and link lights remain on, the most common cause is that the connectors are swapped. Swapping (transposing) the connectors restores proper transmit/receive alignment.
QUESTION 545
Users are reporting issues with mobile phone connectivity after a cellular repeater was recently installed. Users also note that the phones are rapidly losing battery charge. Which of the following should the technician check first to troubleshoot the issue?
A. WPS configuration
B. Signal strength
C. Channel frequency
D. Power budget
Answer: B
Explanation:
When signal strength is poor, mobile devices constantly boost transmission power in an attempt to maintain a stable connection. This results in dropped calls/data and rapid battery drain. When a repeater was installed, misalignment or misconfiguration could be degrading the signal strength.
QUESTION 546
A network engineer is implementing a new connection between core switches. The engineer deploys the following configurations:
Core-SW01
vlan 100
name
interface Ethernet 1/1
active
channel-group 1 mode active
interface Ethernet 1/2
channel-group 1 mode active
interface port-channel 1
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan 100
Core-SW02
vlan 100
name
interface Ethernet 1/1
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan 100
interface Ethernet 1/2
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan 100
interface port-channel 1
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk allow vlan 100
Which of the following is the state of the Core-SW01 port-channel interfaces?
A. Incrementing CRC errors
B. Errdisabled
C. Administratively down
D. Suspended
Answer: D
Explanation:
On Core-SW01, the ports are configured with LACP (mode active) for link aggregation. On Core-SW02, the ports are not configured as part of an LACP group. Because of this mismatch, LACP cannot form the bundle, and the aggregated ports on SW01 go into a suspended state.

QUESTION 547
After a security incident, a technician reveals that company data was stolen. During the investigation, it is discovered that a host disguised itself as a switch. Which of the following best describes what occurred?
A. VLAN hopping
B. Evil twin
C. DNS poisoning
D. ARP spoofing
Answer: A
Explanation:
VLAN hopping occurs when an attacker tricks a switch into believing the host is another switch by generating tagged frames, potentially trunk negotiation (DTP) allowing access to multiple VLANs and stealing sensitive data.
QUESTION 548
Which of the following troubleshooting steps provides a change advisory board with the information needed to make a decision?
A. Identify the problem
B. Develop a theory of probable cause
C. Test the theory to determine cause
D. Establish a plan of action
Answer: D
Explanation:
When dealing with troubleshooting and change management, the plan of action outlines the steps, risks, mitigation strategies, and rollback plan. A change advisory board (CAB) uses this documented plan to decide whether to approve the change.
QUESTION 549
Voice traffic is experiencing excessive jitter. A network engineer wants to improve call performance and clarity. Which of the following features should the engineer configure?
A. QoS
B. Traffic shaping
C. STP
D. Port mirroring
Answer: A
Explanation:
Quality of Service (QoS) prioritizes delay-sensitive traffic such as VoIP by assigning higher priority in queues, reducing latency, jitter, and packet loss. Implementing QoS policies ensures stable and clear voice communication.
Get Latest Actual N10-009 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.
https://www.passleader.com
PL
PassLeader
Leader of IT Certifications
QUESTION 550
A user tries to visit a website, but instead of reaching the intended site, the page displays vmw.cba.com. Which of the following should be done to reach the correct website?
A. Modify the CNAME record
B. Update the PTR record
C. Change the NTP settings
D. Delete the TXT record
Answer: A
Explanation:
A CNAME (Canonical Name) record maps an alias to the correct fully qualified domain name (FQDN). If a user is redirected to the wrong hostname, correcting or updating the CNAME ensures the alias points to the proper domain.
QUESTION 551
Which of the following physical installation factors is the most important when a network switch is installed in a sealed enclosure?
A. Fire suppression
B. Power budget
C. Temperature
D. Humidity
Answer: C
Explanation:
Temperature is critical in sealed enclosures as restricted airflow increases risk of overheating, which can damage components, shorten device lifespan, and cause failures. Proper cooling/ventilation must be ensured.
QUESTION 552
A network technician needs to connect a new user to the company's Wi-Fi network called SSID: business. When attempting to connect, two networks are listed as possible choices: SSID: business and SSID: mybusiness. Which of the following attacks is occurring?
A. On-path
B. Rogue AP
C. Evil twin
D. Tailgating
Answer: C
Explanation:
An evil twin attack occurs when an attacker creates a fraudulent AP with an SSID very similar (or identical) to the legitimate one. Users attempting to connect may join the rogue AP, allowing the attacker to capture traffic and credentials.
QUESTION 553
A network administrator receives complaints of intermittent network connectivity issues. The network design contains potential loop scenarios. Which of the following should the administrator do?
A. Enable spanning tree
B. Configure port security
C. Change switchport speed limits
D. Enforce 802.1Q tagging
Answer: A
Explanation:
Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) is designed to detect and prevent Layer 2 loops by blocking redundant paths. If loops are possible in the design, enabling STP ensures network stability.
QUESTION 554
A network engineer connects a business to a new ISP. A simple ping to 8.8.8.8 is successful. However, users complain of extreme slowness to any website and periods of no connectivity. Which of the following is the most likely cause?
A. Incorrect default gateway
B. VLAN mismatch
C. Subnet mask misconfiguration
D. Duplicate ISP IP address
Answer: D
Explanation:
If the business shares or duplicates the ISP-assigned public IP address, routing instability and conflicts will occur. Pinging a public IP like 8.8.8.8 may succeed (ICMP can bypass certain conflicts), but general web traffic requires stable sessions and will fail intermittently.
QUESTION 555
Which of the following is a type of NAC that uses a set of policies to allow or deny access to the network based on the user's identity?
A. Standard ACL
B. MAC filtering
C. 802.1X
D. SSO
Answer: C
Explanation:
802.1X is a port-based Network Access Control (NAC) method that enforces authentication before allowing access to the network. It uses a RADIUS server for identity verification and policy enforcement, ensuring only authorized users/devices gain access.
